---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_live_tools_ping_device_info Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "devices"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_live_tools_ping_device_info (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_devices_live_tools_ping_device_info" "example" {

  id     = "string"
  serial = "string"
}

output "meraki_devices_live_tools_ping_device_info_example" {
  value = data.meraki_devices_live_tools_ping_device_info.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) id path parameter.
- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `callback` (Attributes) Information for callback used to send back results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--callback))
- `ping_id` (String) Id to check the status of your ping request.
- `request` (Attributes) Ping request parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--request))
- `results` (Attributes) Results of the ping request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results))
- `status` (String) Status of the ping request.
- `url` (String) GET this url to check the status of your ping request.

<a id="nestedatt--item--callback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.callback`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the callback. To check the status of the callback, use this ID in a request to /webhooks/callbacks/statuses/{id}
- `status` (String) The status of the callback
- `url` (String) The callback URL for the webhook target. This was either provided in the original request or comes from a configured webhook receiver


<a id="nestedatt--item--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.request`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Number of pings to send. [1..5], default 5
- `serial` (String) Device serial number


<a id="nestedatt--item--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results`

Read-Only:

- `latencies` (Attributes) Packet latency stats (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results--latencies))
- `loss` (Attributes) Lost packets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results--loss))
- `received` (Number) Number of packets received
- `replies` (Attributes Set) Received packets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results--replies))
- `sent` (Number) Number of packets sent

<a id="nestedatt--item--results--latencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results.latencies`

Read-Only:

- `average` (Number) Average latency
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum latency
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum latency


<a id="nestedatt--item--results--loss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results.loss`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of packets lost


<a id="nestedatt--item--results--replies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results.replies`

Read-Only:

- `latency` (Number) Latency of the packet in milliseconds
- `sequence_id` (Number) Sequence ID of the packet
- `size` (Number) Size of the packet in bytes
