---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_test Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_test (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_test" "example" {

  id     = "string"
  serial = "string"
}

output "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_test_example" {
  value = data.meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_test.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) id path parameter.
- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `cable_test_id` (String) Id of the cable test request. Used to check the status of the request.
- `error` (String) An error message for a failed execution
- `request` (Attributes) Cable test request parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--request))
- `results` (Attributes Set) Results of the cable test request, one for each requested port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results))
- `status` (String) Status of the cable test request.
- `url` (String) GET this url to check the status of your cable test request.

<a id="nestedatt--item--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.request`

Read-Only:

- `ports` (List of String) A list of ports for which to perform the cable test.
- `serial` (String) Device serial number


<a id="nestedatt--item--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) If an error occurred during the cable test, the error message will be populated here.
- `pairs` (Attributes Set) Results for each twisted pair within the cable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--results--pairs))
- `port` (String) The port for which the test was performed.
- `speed_mbps` (Number) Speed in Mbps.  A speed of 0 indicates the port is down or the port speed is automatic.
- `status` (String) The current status of the port. If the cable test is still being performed on the port, "in-progress" is used. If an error occurred during the cable test, "error" is used and the error property will be populated.

<a id="nestedatt--item--results--pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.results.pairs`

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number) The index of the twisted pair tested.
- `length_meters` (Number) The detected length of the twisted pair.
- `status` (String) The test result of the twisted pair tested.
