---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_switch_ports_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_switch_ports_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_devices_switch_ports_statuses" "example" {

  serial   = "string"
  t0       = "string"
  timespan = 1.0
}

output "meraki_devices_switch_ports_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_devices_switch_ports_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameter t0. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSwitchGetDeviceSwitchPortsStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `cdp` (Attributes) The Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) information of the connected device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--cdp))
- `client_count` (Number) The number of clients connected through this port.
- `duplex` (String) The current duplex of a connected port.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the port is configured to be enabled.
- `errors` (List of String) All errors present on the port.
- `is_uplink` (Boolean) Whether the port is the switch's uplink.
- `lldp` (Attributes) The Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) information of the connected device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--lldp))
- `poe` (Attributes) PoE status of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--poe))
- `port_id` (String) The string identifier of this port on the switch. This is commonly just the port number but may contain additional identifying information such as the slot and module-type if the port is located on a port module.
- `power_usage_in_wh` (Number) How much power (in watt-hours) has been delivered by this port during the timespan.
- `secure_port` (Attributes) The Secure Port status of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--secure_port))
- `spanning_tree` (Attributes) The Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) information of the connected device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spanning_tree))
- `speed` (String) The current data transfer rate which the port is operating at.
- `status` (String) The current connection status of the port.
- `traffic_in_kbps` (Attributes) A breakdown of the average speed of data that has passed through this port during the timespan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--traffic_in_kbps))
- `usage_in_kb` (Attributes) A breakdown of how many kilobytes have passed through this port during the timespan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--usage_in_kb))
- `warnings` (List of String) All warnings present on the port.

<a id="nestedatt--items--cdp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.cdp`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Contains network addresses of both receiving and sending devices.
- `capabilities` (String) Identifies the device type, which indicates the functional capabilities of the device.
- `device_id` (String) Identifies the device name.
- `management_address` (String) The device's management IP.
- `native_vlan` (Number) Indicates, per interface, the assumed VLAN for untagged packets on the interface.
- `platform` (String) Identifies the hardware platform of the device.
- `port_id` (String) Identifies the port from which the CDP packet was sent.
- `system_name` (String) The system name.
- `version` (String) Contains the device software release information.
- `vtp_management_domain` (String) Advertises the configured VLAN Trunking Protocl (VTP)-management-domain name of the system.


<a id="nestedatt--items--lldp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.lldp`

Read-Only:

- `chassis_id` (String) The device's chassis ID.
- `management_address` (String) The device's management IP.
- `management_vlan` (Number) The device's management VLAN.
- `port_description` (String) Description of the port from which the LLDP packet was sent.
- `port_id` (String) Identifies the port from which the LLDP packet was sent
- `port_vlan` (Number) The port's VLAN.
- `system_capabilities` (String) Identifies the device type, which indicates the functional capabilities of the device.
- `system_description` (String) The device's system description.
- `system_name` (String) The device's system name.


<a id="nestedatt--items--poe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.poe`

Read-Only:

- `is_allocated` (Boolean) Whether the port is drawing power


<a id="nestedatt--items--secure_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.secure_port`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether Secure Port is currently active for this port.
- `authentication_status` (String) The current Secure Port status.
- `config_overrides` (Attributes) The configuration overrides applied to this port when Secure Port is active. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--secure_port--config_overrides))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether Secure Port is turned on for this port.

<a id="nestedatt--items--secure_port--config_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.secure_port.config_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_vlans` (String) The VLANs allowed on the . Only applicable to trunk ports.
- `type` (String) The type of the  ('trunk', 'access', 'stack' or 'routed').
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the . For a trunk port, this is the native VLAN. A null value will clear the value set for trunk ports.
- `voice_vlan` (Number) The voice VLAN of the . Only applicable to access ports.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spanning_tree"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spanning_tree`

Read-Only:

- `statuses` (List of String) The current Spanning Tree Protocol statuses of the port.


<a id="nestedatt--items--traffic_in_kbps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.traffic_in_kbps`

Read-Only:

- `recv` (Number) The average speed of the data received (in kilobits-per-second).
- `sent` (Number) The average speed of the data sent (in kilobits-per-second).
- `total` (Number) The average speed of the data sent and received (in kilobits-per-second).


<a id="nestedatt--items--usage_in_kb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.usage_in_kb`

Read-Only:

- `recv` (Number) The amount of data received (in kilobytes).
- `sent` (Number) The amount of data sent (in kilobytes).
- `total` (Number) The total amount of data sent and received (in kilobytes).
