---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `alerts` (Attributes) Email alert settings for DHCP servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--alerts))
- `allowed_servers` (List of String) List the MAC addresses of DHCP servers to permit on the network when defaultPolicy is set
      to block.An empty array will clear the entries.
- `arp_inspection` (Attributes) Dynamic ARP Inspection settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--arp_inspection))
- `blocked_servers` (List of String) List the MAC addresses of DHCP servers to block on the network when defaultPolicy is set
      to allow.An empty array will clear the entries.
- `default_policy` (String) 'allow' or 'block' new DHCP servers. Default value is 'allow'.

<a id="nestedatt--item--alerts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.alerts`

Read-Only:

- `email` (Attributes) Alert settings for DHCP servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--alerts--email))

<a id="nestedatt--item--alerts--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.alerts.email`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, send an email if a new DHCP server is seen. Default value is false.



<a id="nestedatt--item--arp_inspection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.arp_inspection`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable Dynamic ARP Inspection on the network. Default value is false.
- `unsupported_models` (List of String) List of switch models that does not support dynamic ARP inspection
