---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sm_devices" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  fields         = ["string"]
  ids            = ["string"]
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  scope          = ["string"]
  serials        = ["string"]
  starting_after = "string"
  system_types   = ["string"]
  uuids          = ["string"]
  wifi_macs      = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sm_devices.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `fields` (List of String) fields query parameter. Additional fields that will be displayed for each device.
    The default fields are: id, name, tags, ssid, wifiMac, osName, systemModel, uuid, and serialNumber. The additional fields are: ip,
    systemType, availableDeviceCapacity, kioskAppName, biosVersion, lastConnected, missingAppsCount, userSuppliedAddress, location, lastUser,
    ownerEmail, ownerUsername, osBuild, publicIp, phoneNumber, diskInfoJson, deviceCapacity, isManaged, hadMdm, isSupervised, meid, imei, iccid,
    simCarrierNetwork, cellularDataUsed, isHotspotEnabled, createdAt, batteryEstCharge, quarantined, avName, avRunning, asName, fwName,
    isRooted, loginRequired, screenLockEnabled, screenLockDelay, autoLoginDisabled, autoTags, hasMdm, hasDesktopAgent, diskEncryptionEnabled,
    hardwareEncryptionCaps, passCodeLock, usesHardwareKeystore, androidSecurityPatchVersion, cellular, and url.
- `ids` (List of String) ids query parameter. Filter devices by id(s).
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `scope` (List of String) scope query parameter. Specify a scope (one of all, none, withAny, withAll, withoutAny, or withoutAll) and a set of tags.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Filter devices by serial(s).
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `system_types` (List of String) systemTypes query parameter. Filter devices by system type(s).
- `uuids` (List of String) uuids query parameter. Filter devices by uuid(s).
- `wifi_macs` (List of String) wifiMacs query parameter. Filter devices by wifi mac(s).

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetNetworkSmDevices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The Meraki Id of the device record.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the device.
- `name` (String) The name of the device.
- `notes` (String) Notes associated with the device.
- `os_name` (String) The name of the device OS.
- `serial` (String) The device serial.
- `serial_number` (String) The device serial number.
- `ssid` (String) The name of the SSID the device was last connected to.
- `system_model` (String) The device model.
- `tags` (List of String) An array of tags associated with the device.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the device.
- `wifi_mac` (String) The MAC of the device.
