---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_policies_by_client Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "networks"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_policies_by_client (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_policies_by_client" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
  t0             = "string"
  timespan       = 1.0
}

output "meraki_networks_policies_by_client_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_policies_by_client.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 50.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameter t0. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseNetworksGetNetworkPoliciesByClient (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `assigned` (Attributes Set) Assigned policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--assigned))
- `client_id` (String) ID of client
- `name` (String) Name of client

<a id="nestedatt--items--assigned"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.assigned`

Read-Only:

- `group_policy_id` (String) id of policy
- `name` (String) name of policy
- `ssid` (Attributes Set) ssid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--assigned--ssid))
- `type` (String) type of policy

<a id="nestedatt--items--assigned--ssid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.assigned.ssid`

Read-Only:

- `ssid_number` (Number) number of ssid
