---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "networks"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_settings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_settings" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_settings_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_settings.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `fips` (Attributes) A hash of FIPS options applied to the Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--fips))
- `local_status_page` (Attributes) A hash of Local Status page(s)' authentication options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--local_status_page))
- `local_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables the local device status pages (<a target='_blank' href='http://my.meraki.com/'>my.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://ap.meraki.com/'>ap.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://switch.meraki.com/'>switch.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://wired.meraki.com/'>wired.meraki.com</a>). Optional (defaults to false)
- `named_vlans` (Attributes) A hash of Named VLANs options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--named_vlans))
- `remote_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables access to the device status page (<a target='_blank'>http://[device's LAN IP])</a>. Optional. Can only be set if localStatusPageEnabled is set to true
- `secure_port` (Attributes) A hash of SecureConnect options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--secure_port))

<a id="nestedatt--item--fips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.fips`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables FIPS on the network.


<a id="nestedatt--item--local_status_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.local_status_page`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (Attributes) A hash of Local Status page(s)' authentication options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--local_status_page--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--item--local_status_page--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.local_status_page.authentication`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables the authentication on Local Status page(s).
- `username` (String) The username used for Local Status Page(s).



<a id="nestedatt--item--named_vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.named_vlans`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables Named VLANs on the Network.


<a id="nestedatt--item--secure_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.secure_port`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables SecureConnect on the network. Optional.
