---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_uplink_selection Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "appliance"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_uplink_selection (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_uplink_selection" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_uplink_selection_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_uplink_selection.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `active_active_auto_vpn_enabled` (Boolean) Whether active-active AutoVPN is enabled
- `default_uplink` (String) The default uplink. Must be one of: 'wan1' or 'wan2'
- `failover_and_failback` (Attributes) WAN failover and failback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--failover_and_failback))
- `load_balancing_enabled` (Boolean) Whether load balancing is enabled
- `vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences` (Attributes Set) Uplink preference rules for VPN traffic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences))
- `wan_traffic_uplink_preferences` (Attributes Set) Uplink preference rules for WAN traffic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences))

<a id="nestedatt--item--failover_and_failback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.failover_and_failback`

Read-Only:

- `immediate` (Attributes) Immediate WAN failover and failback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--failover_and_failback--immediate))

<a id="nestedatt--item--failover_and_failback--immediate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.failover_and_failback.immediate`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether immediate WAN failover and failback is enabled



<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences`

Read-Only:

- `fail_over_criterion` (String) Fail over criterion for uplink preference rule. Must be one of: 'poorPerformance' or 'uplinkDown'
- `performance_class` (Attributes) Performance class setting for uplink preference rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--performance_class))
- `preferred_uplink` (String) Preferred uplink for uplink preference rule. Must be one of: 'wan1', 'wan2', 'bestForVoIP', 'loadBalancing' or 'defaultUplink'
- `traffic_filters` (Attributes Set) Traffic filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--performance_class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences.performance_class`

Read-Only:

- `builtin_performance_class_name` (String) Name of builtin performance class. Must be present when performanceClass type is 'builtin' and value must be one of: 'VoIP'
- `custom_performance_class_id` (String) ID of created custom performance class, must be present when performanceClass type is "custom"
- `type` (String) Type of this performance class. Must be one of: 'builtin' or 'custom'


<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Traffic filter type. Must be one of: 'applicationCategory', 'application' or 'custom'
- `value` (Attributes) Value of traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value))

<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of 'custom' type traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination))
- `id` (String) ID of 'applicationCategory' or 'application' type traffic filter
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of 'custom' type traffic filter. Must be one of: 'tcp', 'udp', 'icmp', 'icmp6' or 'any'
- `source` (Attributes) Source of 'custom' type traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--source))

<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value.destination`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR format address (e.g."192.168.10.1", which is the same as "192.168.10.1/32"), or "any". Cannot be used in combination with the "vlan" or "fqdn" property
- `fqdn` (String) FQDN format address. Cannot be used in combination with the "cidr" or "fqdn" property and is currently only available in the "destination" object of the "vpnTrafficUplinkPreference" object. E.g.: "www.google.com"
- `host` (Number) Host ID in the VLAN. Should not exceed the VLAN subnet capacity. Must be used along with the "vlan" property and is currently only available under a template network.
- `network` (String) Meraki network ID. Currently only available under a template network, and the value should be ID of either same template network, or another template network currently. E.g.: "L_12345678".
- `port` (String) E.g.: "any", "0" (also means "any"), "8080", "1-1024"
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID of the configured VLAN in the Meraki network. Cannot be used in combination with the "cidr" or "fqdn" property and is currently only available under a template network.


<a id="nestedatt--item--vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.vpn_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value.source`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR format address (e.g."192.168.10.1", which is the same as "192.168.10.1/32"), or "any". Cannot be used in combination with the "vlan" property
- `host` (Number) Host ID in the VLAN. Should not exceed the VLAN subnet capacity. Must be used along with the "vlan" property and is currently only available under a template network.
- `network` (String) Meraki network ID. Currently only available under a template network, and the value should be ID of either same template network, or another template network currently. E.g.: "L_12345678".
- `port` (String) E.g.: "any", "0" (also means "any"), "8080", "1-1024"
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID of the configured VLAN in the Meraki network. Cannot be used in combination with the "cidr" property and is currently only available under a template network.





<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences`

Read-Only:

- `preferred_uplink` (String) Preferred uplink for uplink preference rule. Must be one of: 'wan1' or 'wan2'
- `traffic_filters` (Attributes Set) Traffic filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Traffic filter type. Must be "custom"
- `value` (Attributes) Value of traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value))

<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of 'custom' type traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of 'custom' type traffic filter. Must be one of: 'tcp', 'udp', 'icmp6' or 'any'
- `source` (Attributes) Source of 'custom' type traffic filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--source))

<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value.destination`

Read-Only:

- `applications` (Attributes Set) list of application objects (either majorApplication or nbar) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination--applications))
- `cidr` (String) CIDR format address (e.g."192.168.10.1", which is the same as "192.168.10.1/32"), or "any"
- `port` (String) E.g.: "any", "0" (also means "any"), "8080", "1-1024"

<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--destination--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value.destination.applications`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the major application, or a list of NBAR Application Category or Application selections
- `name` (String) Name of the major application or application category selected
- `type` (String) app type (major or nbar)



<a id="nestedatt--item--wan_traffic_uplink_preferences--traffic_filters--value--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.wan_traffic_uplink_preferences.traffic_filters.value.source`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR format address (e.g."192.168.10.1", which is the same as "192.168.10.1/32"), or "any". Cannot be used in combination with the "vlan" property
- `host` (Number) Host ID in the VLAN. Should not exceed the VLAN subnet capacity. Must be used along with the "vlan" property and is currently only available under a template network.
- `port` (String) E.g.: "any", "0" (also means "any"), "8080", "1-1024"
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID of the configured VLAN in the Meraki network. Cannot be used in combination with the "cidr" property and is currently only available under a template network.
