---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_vlan_profiles_assignments_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_vlan_profiles_assignments_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_vlan_profiles_assignments_by_device" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  product_types  = ["string"]
  serials        = ["string"]
  stack_ids      = ["string"]
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_vlan_profiles_assignments_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_vlan_profiles_assignments_by_device.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by product types.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by serials. All devices returned belong to serial numbers that are an exact match.
- `stack_ids` (List of String) stackIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by Switch Stack ids.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseNetworksGetNetworkVlanProfilesAssignmentsByDevice (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `mac` (String) MAC address of the device
- `name` (String) Name of the Device
- `product_type` (String) The product type
- `serial` (String) Serial of the Device
- `stack` (Attributes) The Switch Stack the device belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--stack))
- `vlan_profile` (Attributes) The VLAN Profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vlan_profile))

<a id="nestedatt--items--stack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.stack`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the Switch Stack


<a id="nestedatt--items--vlan_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vlan_profile`

Read-Only:

- `iname` (String) IName of the VLAN Profile
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is this VLAN profile the default for the network?
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN Profile
