---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_wireless_channel_utilization_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_wireless_channel_utilization_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_wireless_channel_utilization_history" "example" {

  ap_tag          = "string"
  auto_resolution = false
  band            = "string"
  client_id       = "string"
  device_serial   = "string"
  network_id      = "string"
  resolution      = 1
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_networks_wireless_channel_utilization_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_wireless_channel_utilization_history.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ap_tag` (String) apTag query parameter. Filter results by AP tag to return AP channel utilization metrics for devices labeled with the given tag; either :clientId or :deviceSerial must be jointly specified.
- `auto_resolution` (Boolean) autoResolution query parameter. Automatically select a data resolution based on the given timespan; this overrides the value specified by the 'resolution' parameter. The default setting is false.
- `band` (String) band query parameter. Filter results by band (either '2.4', '5' or '6').
- `client_id` (String) clientId query parameter. Filter results by network client to return per-device, per-band AP channel utilization metrics inner joined by the queried client's connection history.
- `device_serial` (String) deviceSerial query parameter. Filter results by device to return AP channel utilization metrics for the queried device; either :band or :clientId must be jointly specified.
- `resolution` (Number) resolution query parameter. The time resolution in seconds for returned data. The valid resolutions are: 600, 1200, 3600, 14400, 86400. The default is 86400.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetNetworkWirelessChannelUtilizationHistory (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `end_ts` (String) The end time of the query range
- `start_ts` (String) The start time of the query range
- `utilization80211` (Number) Average wifi utilization
- `utilization_non80211` (Number) Average signal interference
- `utilization_total` (Number) Total channel utilization
