---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_users Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "sm"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_users (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sm_users" "example" {

  emails     = ["string"]
  ids        = ["string"]
  network_id = "string"
  scope      = ["string"]
  usernames  = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_users_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sm_users.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `emails` (List of String) emails query parameter. Filter users by email(s).
- `ids` (List of String) ids query parameter. Filter users by id(s).
- `scope` (List of String) scope query parameter. Specifiy a scope (one of all, none, withAny, withAll, withoutAny, withoutAll) and a set of tags.
- `usernames` (List of String) usernames query parameter. Filter users by username(s).

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetNetworkSmUsers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ad_groups` (List of String) Active Directory Groups the user belongs to.
- `asm_groups` (List of String) Apple School Manager Groups the user belongs to.
- `azure_ad_groups` (List of String) Azure Active Directory Groups the user belongs to.
- `display_name` (String) The user display name.
- `email` (String) User email.
- `full_name` (String) User full name.
- `has_identity_certificate` (Boolean) A boolean indicating if the user has an associated identity certificate..
- `has_password` (Boolean) A boolean denoting if the user has a password associated with the record.
- `id` (String) The Meraki managed Id of the user record.
- `is_external` (Boolean) Whether the user was created using an external integration, or via the Meraki Dashboard.
- `saml_groups` (List of String) SAML Groups the user belongs to.
- `tags` (String) The set of tags the user is scoped to.
- `user_thumbnail` (String) The url where the users thumbnail is hosted.
- `username` (String) The users username.
