---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_events Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "networks"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_events (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_events" "example" {

  client_ip            = "string"
  client_mac           = "string"
  client_name          = "string"
  device_mac           = "string"
  device_name          = "string"
  device_serial        = "string"
  ending_before        = "string"
  event_details        = "string"
  event_severity       = "string"
  excluded_event_types = ["string"]
  included_event_types = ["string"]
  is_catalyst          = false
  network_id           = "string"
  per_page             = 1
  product_type         = "string"
  sm_device_mac        = "string"
  sm_device_name       = "string"
  starting_after       = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_events_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_events.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `client_ip` (String) clientIp query parameter. The IP of the client which the list of events will be filtered with. Only supported for track-by-IP networks.
- `client_mac` (String) clientMac query parameter. The MAC address of the client which the list of events will be filtered with. Only supported for track-by-MAC networks.
- `client_name` (String) clientName query parameter. The name, or partial name, of the client which the list of events will be filtered with
- `device_mac` (String) deviceMac query parameter. The MAC address of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with
- `device_name` (String) deviceName query parameter. The name of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with
- `device_serial` (String) deviceSerial query parameter. The serial of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `event_details` (String) eventDetails query parameter. The details of the event(Catalyst device only) which the list of events will be filtered with
- `event_severity` (String) eventSeverity query parameter. The severity of the event(Catalyst device only) which the list of events will be filtered with
- `excluded_event_types` (List of String) excludedEventTypes query parameter. A list of event types. The returned events will be filtered to exclude events with these types.
- `included_event_types` (List of String) includedEventTypes query parameter. A list of event types. The returned events will be filtered to only include events with these types.
- `is_catalyst` (Boolean) isCatalyst query parameter. Boolean indicating that whether it is a Catalyst device. For Catalyst device, eventDetails and eventSeverity can be used to filter events.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 10.
- `product_type` (String) productType query parameter. The product type to fetch events for. This parameter is required for networks with multiple device types. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, wirelessController, and secureConnect
- `sm_device_mac` (String) smDeviceMac query parameter. The MAC address of the Systems Manager device which the list of events will be filtered with
- `sm_device_name` (String) smDeviceName query parameter. The name of the Systems Manager device which the list of events will be filtered with
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `events` (Attributes Set) An array of events that took place in the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--events))
- `message` (String) A message regarding the events sent. Usually 'null' unless there are no events
- `page_end_at` (String) An UTC ISO8601 string of the latest occured at time of the listed events of the page.
- `page_start_at` (String) An UTC ISO8601 string of the earliest occured at time of the listed events of the page.

<a id="nestedatt--item--events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.events`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The category that the event type belongs to
- `client_description` (String) A description of the client. This is usually the client's device name.
- `client_id` (String) A string identifying the client. This could be a client's MAC or IP address
- `client_mac` (String) The client's MAC address.
- `description` (String) A description of the event the happened.
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device. Only shown if the device is an access point.
- `device_serial` (String) The serial number of the device. Only shown if the device is an access point.
- `event_data` (Attributes) An object containing more data related to the event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--events--event_data))
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `occurred_at` (String) An UTC ISO8601 string of the time the event occurred at.
- `ssid_number` (Number) The SSID number of the device.
- `type` (String) The type of event being listed.

<a id="nestedatt--item--events--event_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.events.event_data`

Read-Only:

- `aid` (String) The association ID of the client.
- `channel` (String) The radio channel the client is connecting to.
- `client_ip` (String) The client's IP address
- `client_mac` (String) The client's MAC address
- `radio` (String) The radio band number the client is trying to connect to.
- `rssi` (String) The current received signal strength indication (RSSI) of the client connected to an AP.
- `vap` (String) The virtual access point (VAP) number the client is connecting to.
