---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
  number     = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `number` (String) number path parameter.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `allow_simultaneous_logins` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow simultaneous logins from different devices.
- `billing` (Attributes) Details associated with billing splash (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--billing))
- `block_all_traffic_before_sign_on` (Boolean) How restricted allowing traffic should be. If true, all traffic types are blocked until the splash page is acknowledged. If false, all non-HTTP traffic is allowed before the splash page is acknowledged.
- `controller_disconnection_behavior` (String) How login attempts should be handled when the controller is unreachable.
- `guest_sponsorship` (Attributes) Details associated with guest sponsored splash (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--guest_sponsorship))
- `redirect_url` (String) The custom redirect URL where the users will go after the splash page.
- `self_registration` (Attributes) Self-registration for splash with Meraki authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--self_registration))
- `sentry_enrollment` (Attributes) Systems Manager sentry enrollment splash settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--sentry_enrollment))
- `splash_image` (Attributes) The image used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--splash_image))
- `splash_logo` (Attributes) The logo used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--splash_logo))
- `splash_page` (String) The type of splash page for this SSID
- `splash_prepaid_front` (Attributes) The prepaid front image used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--splash_prepaid_front))
- `splash_timeout` (Number) Splash timeout in minutes.
- `splash_url` (String) The custom splash URL of the click-through splash page.
- `ssid_number` (Number) SSID number
- `theme_id` (String) The id of the selected splash theme.
- `use_redirect_url` (Boolean) The Boolean indicating whether the the user will be redirected to the custom redirect URL after the splash page.
- `use_splash_url` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether the users will be redirected to the custom splash url
- `welcome_message` (String) The welcome message for the users on the splash page.

<a id="nestedatt--item--billing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.billing`

Read-Only:

- `free_access` (Attributes) Details associated with a free access plan with limits (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--billing--free_access))
- `prepaid_access_fast_login_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not billing uses the fast login prepaid access option.
- `reply_to_email_address` (String) The email address that reeceives replies from clients

<a id="nestedatt--item--billing--free_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.billing.free_access`

Read-Only:

- `duration_in_minutes` (Number) How long a device can use a network for free.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not free access is enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--item--guest_sponsorship"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.guest_sponsorship`

Read-Only:

- `duration_in_minutes` (Number) Duration in minutes of sponsored guest authorization.
- `guest_can_request_timeframe` (Boolean) Whether or not guests can specify how much time they are requesting.


<a id="nestedatt--item--self_registration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.self_registration`

Read-Only:

- `authorization_type` (String) How created user accounts should be authorized.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow users to create their own account on the network.


<a id="nestedatt--item--sentry_enrollment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.sentry_enrollment`

Read-Only:

- `enforced_systems` (List of String) The system types that the Sentry enforces.
- `strength` (String) The strength of the enforcement of selected system types.
- `systems_manager_network` (Attributes) Systems Manager network targeted for sentry enrollment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--sentry_enrollment--systems_manager_network))

<a id="nestedatt--item--sentry_enrollment--systems_manager_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.sentry_enrollment.systems_manager_network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The network ID of the Systems Manager network.



<a id="nestedatt--item--splash_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.splash_image`

Read-Only:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the image file.
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the image file.


<a id="nestedatt--item--splash_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.splash_logo`

Read-Only:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the logo file.
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the logo file.


<a id="nestedatt--item--splash_prepaid_front"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.splash_prepaid_front`

Read-Only:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the prepaid front image file.
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the prepaid front image file.
