---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order.example.items
}

data "meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_switch_qos_rules_order.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `qos_rule_id` (String) qosRuleId path parameter. Qos rule ID

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSwitchGetNetworkSwitchQosRules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `dscp` (Number) DSCP tag. Set this to -1 to trust incoming DSCP. Default value is 0
- `dst_port` (Number) The destination port of the incoming packet. Applicable only if protocol is TCP or UDP.
- `dst_port_range` (String) The destination port range of the incoming packet. Applicable only if protocol is set to TCP or UDP. Example: 70-80
- `id` (String) Qos Rule id
- `protocol` (String) The protocol of the incoming packet. Can be one of "ANY", "TCP" or "UDP". Default value is "ANY"
- `src_port` (Number) The source port of the incoming packet. Applicable only if protocol is TCP or UDP.
- `src_port_range` (String) The source port range of the incoming packet. Applicable only if protocol is set to TCP or UDP. Example: 70-80
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the incoming packet. A null value will match any VLAN.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `dscp` (Number)
- `dst_port` (Number)
- `dst_port_range` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `protocol` (String)
- `src_port` (Number)
- `src_port_range` (String)
- `vlan` (Number)
