---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_wireless_failed_connections Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_wireless_failed_connections (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_wireless_failed_connections" "example" {

  ap_tag     = "string"
  band       = "string"
  client_id  = "string"
  network_id = "string"
  serial     = "string"
  ssid       = 1
  t0         = "string"
  t1         = "string"
  timespan   = 1.0
  vlan       = 1
}

output "meraki_networks_wireless_failed_connections_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_wireless_failed_connections.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ap_tag` (String) apTag query parameter. Filter results by AP Tag
- `band` (String) band query parameter. Filter results by band (either '2.4', '5' or '6'). Note that data prior to February 2020 will not have band information.
- `client_id` (String) clientId query parameter. Filter by client MAC
- `serial` (String) serial query parameter. Filter by AP
- `ssid` (Number) ssid query parameter. Filter results by SSID
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 180 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 7 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 7 days.
- `vlan` (Number) vlan query parameter. Filter results by VLAN

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetNetworkWirelessFailedConnections (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `client_mac` (String) Client Mac
- `failure_step` (String) The failed onboarding step. One of: assoc, auth, dhcp, dns.
- `serial` (String) Serial Number
- `ssid_number` (Number) SSID Number
- `ts` (String) The timestamp when the client mac failed
- `type` (String) The failure type in the onboarding step
- `vlan` (Number) LAN
