---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices_security_centers Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "sm"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices_security_centers (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sm_devices_security_centers" "example" {

  device_id  = "string"
  network_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_security_centers_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sm_devices_security_centers.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device_id` (String) deviceId path parameter. Device ID
- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetNetworkSmDeviceSoftwares (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The Meraki managed application Id for this record on a particular device.
- `bundle_size` (Number) The size of the software bundle.
- `created_at` (String) When the Meraki record for the software was created.
- `device_id` (String) The Meraki managed device Id.
- `dynamic_size` (Number) The size of the data stored in the application.
- `id` (String) The Meraki software Id.
- `identifier` (String) Software bundle identifier.
- `installed_at` (String) When the Software was installed on the device.
- `ios_redemption_code` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether or not an iOS redemption code was used.
- `is_managed` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether or not the software is managed by Meraki.
- `itunes_id` (String) The itunes numerical identifier.
- `license_key` (String) The license key associated with this software installation.
- `name` (String) The name of the software.
- `path` (String) The path on the device where the software record is located.
- `redemption_code` (Number) The redemption code used for this software.
- `short_version` (String) Short version notation for the software.
- `status` (String) The management status of the software.
- `to_install` (Boolean) A boolean indicating this software record should be installed on the associated device.
- `to_uninstall` (Boolean) A boolean indicating this software record should be uninstalled on the associated device.
- `uninstalled_at` (String) When the record was uninstalled from the device.
- `updated_at` (String) When the record was last updated by Meraki.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor of the software.
- `version` (String) Full version notation for the software.
