---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices_performance_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices_performance_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sm_devices_performance_history" "example" {

  device_id      = "string"
  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_performance_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sm_devices_performance_history.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) deviceId path parameter. Device ID
- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetNetworkSmDevicePerformanceHistory (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_percent_used` (Number) The percentage of CPU used as a decimal format.
- `disk_usage` (Attributes) An object containing disk usage details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--disk_usage))
- `mem_active` (Number) The active RAM on the device.
- `mem_free` (Number) Memory that is not yet in use by the system.
- `mem_inactive` (Number) The inactive RAM on the device.
- `mem_wired` (Number) Memory used for core OS functions on the device.
- `network_received` (Number) Network bandwith received.
- `network_sent` (Number) Network bandwith transmitted.
- `swap_used` (Number) The amount of space being used on the startup disk to swap unused files to and from RAM.
- `ts` (String) The time at which the performance was measured.

<a id="nestedatt--items--disk_usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.disk_usage`

Read-Only:

- `c` (Attributes) An object containing current disk usage details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--disk_usage--c))

<a id="nestedatt--items--disk_usage--c"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.disk_usage.c`

Read-Only:

- `space` (Number) The available disk space.
- `used` (Number) The used disk space.
