---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_arp_inspection_trusted_servers Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_arp_inspection_trusted_servers (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_arp_inspection_trusted_servers" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_arp_inspection_trusted_servers_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_server_policy_arp_inspection_trusted_servers.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSwitchGetNetworkSwitchDhcpServerPolicyArpInspectionTrustedServers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) IPv4 attributes of the trusted server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv4))
- `mac` (String) Mac address of the trusted server.
- `trusted_server_id` (String) ID of the trusted server.
- `vlan` (Number) Vlan ID of the trusted server.

<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv4 address of the trusted server.
