---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_wireless_mesh_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_wireless_mesh_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_wireless_mesh_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_wireless_mesh_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_wireless_mesh_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 500. Default is 50.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetNetworkWirelessMeshStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `latest_mesh_performance` (Attributes) Current metrics on how the mesh is performing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--latest_mesh_performance))
- `mesh_route` (List of String) List of device serials that make up the mesh.
- `serial` (String) The serial number for the device.

<a id="nestedatt--items--latest_mesh_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.latest_mesh_performance`

Read-Only:

- `mbps` (Number) Average Mbps.
- `metric` (Number) Represents the quality of the entire route from the repeater access point to its gateway access point.
- `usage_percentage` (String) Mesh utilization as a percentage.
