---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_v4_servers_seen Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_v4_servers_seen (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_v4_servers_seen" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
  t0             = "string"
  timespan       = 1.0
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_v4_servers_seen_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_switch_dhcp_v4_servers_seen.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameter t0. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSwitchGetNetworkSwitchDhcpV4ServersSeen (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) Client id of the server if available.
- `device` (Attributes) Attributes of the server when it's a device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--device))
- `ipv4` (Attributes) IPv4 attributes of the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ipv4))
- `is_allowed` (Boolean) Whether the server is allowed or blocked. Always true for configured servers.
- `is_configured` (Boolean) Whether the server is configured.
- `last_ack` (Attributes) Attributes of the server's last ack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_ack))
- `last_packet` (Attributes) Last packet the server received. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet))
- `last_seen_at` (String) Last time the server was seen.
- `mac` (String) Mac address of the server.
- `seen_by` (Attributes Set) Devices that saw the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--seen_by))
- `type` (String) server type. Can be a 'device', 'stack', or 'discovered' (i.e client).
- `vlan` (Number) Vlan id of the server.

<a id="nestedatt--items--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.device`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (Attributes) Interface attributes of the server. Only for configured servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--device--interface))
- `name` (String) Device name.
- `serial` (String) Device serial.
- `url` (String) Url link to device.

<a id="nestedatt--items--device--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.device.interface`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Interface name.
- `url` (String) Url link to interface.



<a id="nestedatt--items--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv4 address of the server.
- `gateway` (String) IPv4 gateway address of the server.
- `subnet` (String) Subnet of the server.


<a id="nestedatt--items--last_ack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_ack`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) IPv4 attributes of the last ack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_ack--ipv4))
- `ts` (String) Last time the server was acked.

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_ack--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_ack.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IPv4 address of the last ack.



<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--destination))
- `ethernet` (Attributes) Additional ethernet attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--ethernet))
- `fields` (Attributes) DHCP-specific fields of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--fields))
- `ip` (Attributes) Additional IP attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--ip))
- `source` (Attributes) Source of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--source))
- `type` (String) Packet type.
- `udp` (Attributes) UDP attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.destination`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) Destination ipv4 attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--destination--ipv4))
- `mac` (String) Destination mac address of the packet.
- `port` (Number) Destination port of the packet.

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--destination--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.destination.port`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Destination ipv4 address of the packet.



<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--ethernet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.ethernet`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Ethernet type of the packet.


<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.fields`

Read-Only:

- `chaddr` (String) Client hardware address of the packet.
- `ciaddr` (String) Client IP address of the packet.
- `flags` (String) Packet flags.
- `giaddr` (String) Gateway IP address of the packet.
- `hlen` (Number) Hardware length of the packet.
- `hops` (Number) Number of hops the packet took.
- `htype` (Number) Hardware type code of the packet.
- `magic_cookie` (String) Magic cookie of the packet.
- `op` (Number) Operation code of the packet.
- `options` (Attributes Set) Additional DHCP options of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--fields--options))
- `secs` (Number) Number of seconds since receiving the packet.
- `siaddr` (String) Server IP address of the packet.
- `sname` (String) Server identifier address of the packet.
- `xid` (String) Transaction id of the packet.
- `yiaddr` (String) Assigned IP address of the packet.

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--fields--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.fields.yiaddr`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Option name.
- `value` (String) Option value.



<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.ip`

Read-Only:

- `dscp` (Attributes) DSCP attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--ip--dscp))
- `header_length` (Number) IP header length of the packet.
- `id` (String) IP ID of the packet.
- `length` (Number) IP length of the packet.
- `protocol` (Number) IP protocol number of the packet.
- `ttl` (Number) Time to live of the packet.
- `version` (Number) IP version of the packet.

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--ip--dscp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.ip.version`

Read-Only:

- `ecn` (Number) ECN number of the packet.
- `tag` (Number) DSCP tag number of the packet.



<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.source`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) Source ipv4 attributes of the packet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--last_packet--source--ipv4))
- `mac` (String) Source mac address of the packet.
- `port` (Number) Source port of the packet.

<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--source--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.source.port`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Source ipv4 address of the packet.



<a id="nestedatt--items--last_packet--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.last_packet.udp`

Read-Only:

- `checksum` (String) UDP checksum of the packet.
- `length` (Number) UDP length of the packet.



<a id="nestedatt--items--seen_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.seen_by`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Device name.
- `serial` (String) Device serial.
- `url` (String) Url link to device.
