---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric" "example" {

  interval   = 1
  network_id = "string"
  t0         = "string"
  t1         = "string"
  timespan   = 1.0
}

output "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `interval` (Number) interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are: 86400, 604800. The default is 604800.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 365 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSensorGetNetworkSensorAlertsOverviewByMetric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts of sensor alerts over the timespan, by reading metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--counts))
- `end_ts` (String) End of the timespan over which sensor alerts are counted
- `start_ts` (String) Start of the timespan over which sensor alerts are counted

<a id="nestedatt--items--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.counts`

Read-Only:

- `apparent_power` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to apparent power readings
- `co2` (Number) Number of sensors that are currently alerting due to CO2 readings
- `current` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to electrical current readings
- `door` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to an open door
- `frequency` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to frequency readings
- `humidity` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to humidity readings
- `indoor_air_quality` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to indoor air quality readings
- `noise` (Attributes) Object containing the number of sensor alerts that occurred due to noise readings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--counts--noise))
- `pm25` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to PM2.5 readings
- `power_factor` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to power factor readings
- `real_power` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to real power readings
- `temperature` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to temperature readings
- `tvoc` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to TVOC readings
- `upstream_power` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to upstream power outages
- `voltage` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to voltage readings
- `water` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to the presence of water

<a id="nestedatt--items--counts--noise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.counts.noise`

Read-Only:

- `ambient` (Number) Number of sensor alerts that occurred due to ambient noise readings
