---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_trusted_access_configs Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_trusted_access_configs (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_sm_trusted_access_configs" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_trusted_access_configs_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_sm_trusted_access_configs.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 100.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetNetworkSmTrustedAccessConfigs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `access_end_at` (String) time that access ends
- `access_start_at` (String) time that access starts
- `id` (String) device ID
- `name` (String) device name
- `scope` (String) scope
- `ssid_name` (String) SSID name
- `tags` (List of String) device tags
- `timebound_type` (String) type of access period, either a static range or a dynamic period
