---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_alerts_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "networks"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_alerts_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_networks_alerts_history" "example" {

  ending_before  = "string"
  network_id     = "string"
  per_page       = 1
  starting_after = "string"
}

output "meraki_networks_alerts_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_networks_alerts_history.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 100.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseNetworksGetNetworkAlertsHistory (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `alert_data` (String) relevant data about the event that caused the alert
- `alert_type` (String) user friendly alert type
- `alert_type_id` (String) type of alert
- `destinations` (Attributes) the destinations this alert is configured to be delivered to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--destinations))
- `device` (Attributes) info related to the device that caused the alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--device))
- `occurred_at` (String) time when the event occurred

<a id="nestedatt--items--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.destinations`

Read-Only:

- `email` (Attributes) email destinations for this alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--destinations--email))
- `push` (Attributes) push destinations for this alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--destinations--push))
- `sms` (Attributes) sms destinations for this alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--destinations--sms))
- `webhook` (Attributes) webhook destinations for this alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--destinations--webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--items--destinations--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.destinations.email`

Read-Only:

- `sent_at` (String) time when the alert was sent to the user(s) for this channel


<a id="nestedatt--items--destinations--push"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.destinations.push`

Read-Only:

- `sent_at` (String) time when the alert was sent to the user(s) for this channel


<a id="nestedatt--items--destinations--sms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.destinations.sms`

Read-Only:

- `sent_at` (String) time when the alert was sent to the user(s) for this channel


<a id="nestedatt--items--destinations--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.destinations.webhook`

Read-Only:

- `sent_at` (String) time when the alert was sent to the user(s) for this channel



<a id="nestedatt--items--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.device`

Read-Only:

- `serial` (String) device serial
