---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_ethernet_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_ethernet_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_ethernet_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_ethernet_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_ethernet_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. A list of Meraki network IDs to filter results to contain only specified networks. E.g.: networkIds[]=N_12345678&networkIds[]=L_3456
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 100.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetOrganizationWirelessDevicesEthernetStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `aggregation` (Attributes) Aggregation details object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--aggregation))
- `name` (String) The name of the AP
- `network` (Attributes) Network details object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `ports` (Attributes Set) List of port details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ports))
- `power` (Attributes) Power details object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--power))
- `serial` (String) The serial number of the AP

<a id="nestedatt--items--aggregation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.aggregation`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Link Aggregation enabled flag will return null on Catalyst devices
- `speed` (Number) Link Aggregation speed will return null on Catalyst devices


<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The network ID the AP is associated to


<a id="nestedatt--items--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ports`

Read-Only:

- `link_negotiation` (Attributes) Link negotiation details object for the port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ports--link_negotiation))
- `name` (String) Label of the port
- `poe` (Attributes) PoE details object for the port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ports--poe))

<a id="nestedatt--items--ports--link_negotiation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ports.link_negotiation`

Read-Only:

- `duplex` (String) The duplex mode of the port. Can be 'full' or 'half' will return null on Catalyst devices
- `speed` (Number) Show the speed of the port. The port speed will return null on Catalyst devices


<a id="nestedatt--items--ports--poe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ports.poe`

Read-Only:

- `standard` (String) The PoE Standard for the port. Can be '802.3at', '802.3af', '802.3bt', or null



<a id="nestedatt--items--power"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.power`

Read-Only:

- `ac` (Attributes) AC power details object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--power--ac))
- `mode` (String) The PoE power mode for the AP. Can be 'full' or 'low'
- `poe` (Attributes) PoE power details object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--power--poe))

<a id="nestedatt--items--power--ac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.power.ac`

Read-Only:

- `is_connected` (Boolean) AC power connected


<a id="nestedatt--items--power--poe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.power.poe`

Read-Only:

- `is_connected` (Boolean) PoE power connected
