---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_policy_objects Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_policy_objects (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_policy_objects" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_policy_objects_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_policy_objects.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 10 5000. Default is 5000.
- `policy_object_id` (String) policyObjectId path parameter. Policy object ID
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Category of a policy object (one of: adaptivePolicy, network)
- `cidr` (String) CIDR Value of a policy object
- `created_at` (String) Time Stamp of policy object creation.
- `group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of policy object groups the policy object belongs to.
- `id` (String) Policy object ID
- `name` (String) Name of policy object (alphanumeric, space, dash, or underscore characters only).
- `network_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the networks that use the policy object.
- `type` (String) Type of a policy object (one of: adaptivePolicyIpv4Cidr, cidr, fqdn, ipAndMask)
- `updated_at` (String) Time Stamp of policy object updation.
