---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_packets_overview_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wirelessController"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_packets_overview_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_packets_overview_by_device" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  names           = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_packets_overview_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_packets_overview_by_device.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `names` (List of String) names query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controller by its interface name. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controller by its cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 1 day from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 1 day after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 1 day. The default is 1 hour.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Wireless LAN controller interfaces packets statuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `interfaces` (Attributes Set) Interfaces belongs to the wireless LAN controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--interfaces))
- `serial` (String) The cloud ID of the wireless LAN controller

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the wireless LAN controller interface
- `readings` (Attributes Set) The status of packets counter on the interfaces of the wireless LAN controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--interfaces--readings))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--interfaces--readings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.interfaces.readings`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The type of packets being counted
- `rate` (Attributes) The interface packet rates measured in packets per second (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--interfaces--readings--rate))
- `recv` (Number) The total count of packets received by the interface during the timespan
- `send` (Number) The total count of packets sent by the interface during the timespan
- `total` (Number) The total count of sent and received packets during the timespan

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--interfaces--readings--rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.interfaces.readings.rate`

Read-Only:

- `recv` (Number) The rate of packets received during the timespan
- `send` (Number) The rate of packets sent during the timespan
- `total` (Number) The rate of all packets sent and received during the timespan





<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
