---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_loss_and_latency Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_loss_and_latency (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_loss_and_latency" "example" {

  ip              = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
  uplink          = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_loss_and_latency_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_loss_and_latency.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ip` (String) ip query parameter. Optional filter for a specific destination IP. Default will return all destination IPs.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 60 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 5 minutes after t0. The latest possible time that t1 can be is 2 minutes into the past.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 5 minutes. The default is 5 minutes.
- `uplink` (String) uplink query parameter. Optional filter for a specific WAN uplink. Valid uplinks are wan1, wan2, cellular. Default will return all uplinks.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationDevicesUplinksLossAndLatency (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String) IP address of uplink
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `serial` (String) Serial of MX device
- `time_series` (Attributes Set) Loss and latency timeseries data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--time_series))
- `uplink` (String) Uplink interface (wan1, wan2, or cellular)

<a id="nestedatt--items--time_series"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.time_series`

Read-Only:

- `latency_ms` (Number) Latency in milliseconds
- `loss_percent` (Number) Loss percentage
- `ts` (String) Timestamp for this data point
