---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device" "example" {

  controller_serials = ["string"]
  ending_before      = "string"
  network_ids        = ["string"]
  organization_id    = "string"
  per_page           = 1
  serials            = ["string"]
  starting_after     = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `controller_serials` (List of String) controllerSerials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by its wireless LAN controller cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 100.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by its cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of Catalyst access points information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `controller` (Attributes) Associated wireless controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--controller))
- `country_code` (String) Country code (2 characters)
- `details` (Attributes Set) Catalyst access point details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--details))
- `joined_at` (String) The time when AP joins wireless controller
- `mode` (String) AP mode (local, flex, etc.)
- `model` (String) AP model
- `network` (Attributes) Catalyst access point network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `serial` (String) AP cloud ID
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags of the catalyst access point (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--controller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.controller`

Read-Only:

- `serial` (String) Associated wireless controller cloud ID


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.details`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Item name
- `value` (String) Item value


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Catalyst access point network ID


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `policy` (String) Policy tag
- `rf` (String) RF tag
- `site` (String) Site tag



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
