---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_adaptive_policy_overview Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_adaptive_policy_overview (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_adaptive_policy_overview" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_adaptive_policy_overview_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_adaptive_policy_overview.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) The current amount of various adaptive policy objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts))
- `limits` (Attributes) The current limits of various adaptive policy objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--limits))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts`

Read-Only:

- `allow_policies` (Number) Number of adaptive policies currently in the organization that allow all traffic.
- `custom_acls` (Number) Number of user-created adaptive policy ACLs currently in the organization.
- `custom_groups` (Number) Number of user-created adaptive policy groups currently in the organization.
- `deny_policies` (Number) Number of adaptive policies currently in the organization that deny all traffic.
- `groups` (Number) Number of adaptive policy groups currently in the organization.
- `policies` (Number) Number of adaptive policies currently in the organization.
- `policy_objects` (Number) Number of policy objects (with the adaptive policy type) currently in the organization.


<a id="nestedatt--item--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.limits`

Read-Only:

- `acls_in_a_policy` (Number) Maximum number of adaptive policy ACLs that can be assigned to an adaptive policy in the organization.
- `custom_groups` (Number) Maximum number of user-created adaptive policy groups allowed in the organization.
- `policy_objects` (Number) Maximum number of policy objects (with the adaptive policy type) allowed in the organization.
- `rules_in_an_acl` (Number) Maximum number of rules allowed in an adaptive policy ACL in the organization.
