---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval" "example" {

  boundary_ids    = ["string"]
  boundary_types  = ["string"]
  duration        = 1
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  ranges          = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `boundary_ids` (List of String) boundaryIds query parameter. A list of boundary ids. The returned cameras will be filtered to only include these ids.
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `ranges` (List of String) ranges query parameter. A list of time ranges with intervals

### Optional

- `boundary_types` (List of String) boundaryTypes query parameter. The detection types. Defaults to 'person'.
- `duration` (Number) duration query parameter. The minimum time, in seconds, that the person or car remains in the area to be counted. Defaults to boundary configuration or 60.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 1 1000. Defaults to 1000.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseCameraGetOrganizationCameraDetectionsHistoryByBoundaryByInterval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `boundary_id` (String) The boundary id
- `results` (Attributes) The analytics data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--results))
- `type` (String) The boundary type

<a id="nestedatt--items--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.results`

Read-Only:

- `end_time` (String) The period end time
- `in` (Number) The number of detections entered
- `object_type` (String) The detection type
- `out` (Number) The number of detections exited
- `start_time` (String) The period start time
