---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_by_switch Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_switch_ports_by_switch (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_by_switch" "example" {

  configuration_updated_after = "string"
  ending_before               = "string"
  mac                         = "string"
  macs                        = ["string"]
  name                        = "string"
  network_ids                 = ["string"]
  organization_id             = "string"
  per_page                    = 1
  port_profile_ids            = ["string"]
  serial                      = "string"
  serials                     = ["string"]
  starting_after              = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_by_switch_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_switch_ports_by_switch.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `configuration_updated_after` (String) configurationUpdatedAfter query parameter. Optional parameter to filter results by switches where the configuration has been updated after the given timestamp.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `mac` (String) mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports belonging to switches by MAC address. All returned switches will have a MAC address that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `macs` (List of String) macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports by one or more MAC addresses belonging to devices. All switchports returned belong to MAC addresses of switches that are an exact match.
- `name` (String) name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports belonging to switches by name. All returned switches will have a name that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports by network.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 50. Default is 50.
- `port_profile_ids` (List of String) portProfileIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports belonging to the specified port profiles.
- `serial` (String) serial query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports belonging to switches by serial number. All returned switches will have a serial number that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter switchports belonging to switches with one or more serial numbers. All switchports returned belong to serial numbers of switches that are an exact match.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSwitchGetOrganizationSwitchPortsBySwitch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the switch.
- `model` (String) The model of the switch.
- `name` (String) The name of the switch.
- `network` (Attributes) Identifying information of the switch's network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `ports` (Attributes Set) Ports belonging to the switch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ports))
- `serial` (String) The serial number of the switch.

<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ports`

Read-Only:

- `access_policy_type` (String) The type of the access policy of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports. Can be one of 'Open', 'Custom access policy', 'MAC allow list' or 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
- `allowed_vlans` (String) The VLANs allowed on the switch port. Only applicable to trunk ports.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the switch port.
- `link_negotiation` (String) The link speed for the switch port.
- `name` (String) The name of the switch port.
- `poe_enabled` (Boolean) The PoE status of the switch port.
- `port_id` (String) The identifier of the switch port.
- `rstp_enabled` (Boolean) The rapid spanning tree protocol status.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list` (List of String) The initial list of MAC addresses for sticky Mac allow list. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list_limit` (Number) The maximum number of MAC addresses for sticky MAC allow list. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
- `stp_guard` (String) The state of the STP guard ('disabled', 'root guard', 'bpdu guard' or 'loop guard').
- `tags` (List of String) The list of tags of the switch port.
- `type` (String) The type of the switch port ('trunk' or 'access').
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the switch port. A null value will clear the value set for trunk ports.
- `voice_vlan` (Number) The voice VLAN of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports.
