---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "cellularGateway"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  iccids          = ["string"]
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `iccids` (List of String) iccids query parameter. A list of ICCIDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these ICCIDs.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. A list of network IDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these networks.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. A list of serial numbers. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these serials.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseCellularGatewayGetOrganizationCellularGatewayUplinkStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `last_reported_at` (String) Last reported time for the device
- `model` (String) Device model
- `network_id` (String) Network Id
- `serial` (String) Serial number of the device
- `uplinks` (Attributes Set) Uplinks info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks`

Read-Only:

- `apn` (String) Access Point Name
- `connection_type` (String) Connection Type
- `dns1` (String) Primary DNS IP
- `dns2` (String) Secondary DNS IP
- `gateway` (String) Gateway IP
- `iccid` (String) Integrated Circuit Card Identification Number
- `imsi` (String) International Mobile Subscriber Identity
- `interface` (String) Uplink interface
- `ip` (String) Uplink IP
- `mcc` (String) Mobile Country Code
- `mnc` (String) Mobile Network Code
- `model` (String) Uplink model
- `msisdn` (String) Mobile Station Integrated Services Digital Network
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit
- `provider_r` (String) Network Provider
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP
- `roaming` (Attributes) Roaming Status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--roaming))
- `signal_stat` (Attributes) Tower Signal Status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--signal_stat))
- `signal_type` (String) Signal Type
- `status` (String) Uplink status

<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--roaming"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.roaming`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Roaming Status


<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--signal_stat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.signal_stat`

Read-Only:

- `rsrp` (String) Reference Signal Received Power
- `rsrq` (String) Reference Signal Received Quality
