---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_appliance_firewall_multicast_forwarding_by_network Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "appliance"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_appliance_firewall_multicast_forwarding_by_network (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_appliance_firewall_multicast_forwarding_by_network" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_appliance_firewall_multicast_forwarding_by_network_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_appliance_firewall_multicast_forwarding_by_network.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the results by network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of networks with multicast static forwarding rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `rules` (Attributes Set) Static multicast forwarding rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the network whose multicast forwarding settings are returned.
- `name` (String) Name of the network whose multicast forwarding settings are returned.


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.rules`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IP address
- `description` (String) Forwarding rule description.
- `vlan_ids` (List of String) List of VLAN IDs



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
