---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  interval        = 1
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  product_types   = ["string"]
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `interval` (Number) interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are: 300, 1200, 3600, 14400. The default is 300. Interval is calculated if time params are provided.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the result set by the included set of network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 20. Default is 10.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device statuses by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, and secureConnect.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device serial numbers
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 2 hours. If interval is provided, the timespan will be autocalculated.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) The top-level property containing all memory utilization data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Other metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `free` (Attributes) Information regarding memory availability on the device over the entire timespan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--free))
- `intervals` (Attributes Set) Time interval snapshots of system memory utilization on the device with the most recent snapshot first (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--intervals))
- `mac` (String) MAC address of the device
- `model` (String) Model of the device
- `name` (String) Name of the device
- `network` (Attributes) Information regarding the network the device belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `provisioned` (Number) The total RAM size provisioned on the device, in kB
- `serial` (String) Unique serial number for the device
- `tags` (List of String) List of custom tags for the device
- `used` (Attributes) Information regarding memory usage on the device over the entire timespan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--used))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--free"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.free`

Read-Only:

- `median` (Number) Median memory in kB free on the device over the entire timespan rounded up to nearest integer


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--intervals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.intervals`

Read-Only:

- `end_ts` (String) Timestamp for the end of the historical snapshot, inclusive.
- `memory` (Attributes) Information regarding memory usage and availability on the device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory))
- `start_ts` (String) Timestamp for the beginning of the historical snapshot, exclusive.

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.intervals.memory`

Read-Only:

- `free` (Attributes) Information regarding memory availability on the device over the interval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--free))
- `used` (Attributes) Information regarding memory usage on the device over the interval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--used))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--free"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.intervals.memory.free`

Read-Only:

- `maximum` (Number) Maximum memory in kB free on the device over the interval
- `median` (Number) Median memory in kB free on the device over the interval rounded up to nearest integer
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum memory in kB free on the device over the interval


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--used"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.intervals.memory.used`

Read-Only:

- `maximum` (Number) Maximum memory in kB used on the device over the interval
- `median` (Number) Median memory in kB used on the device over the interval rounded up to nearest integer
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum memory in kB used on the device over the interval
- `percentages` (Attributes) Memory utilization percentages on the device over the interval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--used--percentages))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--intervals--memory--used--percentages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.intervals.memory.used.percentages`

Read-Only:

- `maximum` (Number) Maximum memory utilization percentage on the device over the interval





<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The network ID
- `name` (String) The name of the network
- `tags` (List of String) List of custom tags for the network


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--used"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.used`

Read-Only:

- `median` (Number) Median memory in kB used on the device over the entire timespan rounded up to nearest integer



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Count metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) The count metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of serials remaining based on current pagination location within the dataset.
- `total` (Number) The total number of serials.
