---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_statuses_by_switch Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_switch_ports_statuses_by_switch (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_statuses_by_switch" "example" {

  configuration_updated_after = "string"
  ending_before               = "string"
  mac                         = "string"
  macs                        = ["string"]
  name                        = "string"
  network_ids                 = ["string"]
  organization_id             = "string"
  per_page                    = 1
  port_profile_ids            = ["string"]
  serial                      = "string"
  serials                     = ["string"]
  starting_after              = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_statuses_by_switch_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_switch_ports_statuses_by_switch.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `configuration_updated_after` (String) configurationUpdatedAfter query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches where the configuration has been updated after the given timestamp.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `mac` (String) mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with MAC addresses that contain the search term or are an exact match.
- `macs` (List of String) macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that have one of the provided MAC addresses.
- `name` (String) name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with names that contain the search term or are an exact match.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches in one of the provided networks.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 20. Default is 10.
- `port_profile_ids` (List of String) portProfileIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that contain switchports belonging to one of the specified port profiles.
- `serial` (String) serial query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with serial number that contains the search term or are an exact match.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that have one of the provided serials.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Switches (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the switch.
- `model` (String) The model of the switch.
- `name` (String) The name of the switch.
- `network` (Attributes) Identifying information of the switch's network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `ports` (Attributes Set) The statuses of the ports on the switch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--ports))
- `serial` (String) The serial number of the switch.

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.ports`

Read-Only:

- `duplex` (String) The current duplex of a connected port.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the port is configured to be enabled.
- `errors` (List of String) All errors present on the port.
- `is_uplink` (Boolean) Whether the port is the switch's uplink.
- `poe` (Attributes) PoE status of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--ports--poe))
- `port_id` (String) The string identifier of this port on the switch. This is commonly just the port number but may contain additional identifying information such as the slot and module-type if the port is located on a port module.
- `secure_port` (Attributes) The Secure Port status of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--ports--secure_port))
- `spanning_tree` (Attributes) The Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) information of the connected device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--ports--spanning_tree))
- `speed` (String) The current data transfer rate which the port is operating at.
- `status` (String) The current connection status of the port.
- `warnings` (List of String) All warnings present on the port.

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--ports--poe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.ports.poe`

Read-Only:

- `is_allocated` (Boolean) Whether the port is drawing power


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--ports--secure_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.ports.secure_port`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether Secure Port is currently active for this port.
- `authentication_status` (String) The current Secure Port status.


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--ports--spanning_tree"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.ports.spanning_tree`

Read-Only:

- `statuses` (List of String) The current Spanning Tree Protocol statuses of the port.




<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
