---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts" "example" {

  active                            = false
  category                          = "string"
  device_tags                       = ["string"]
  device_types                      = ["string"]
  dismissed                         = false
  ending_before                     = "string"
  network_id                        = "string"
  organization_id                   = "string"
  per_page                          = 1
  resolved                          = false
  serials                           = ["string"]
  severity                          = "string"
  sort_by                           = "string"
  sort_order                        = "string"
  starting_after                    = "string"
  suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes = false
  ts_end                            = "string"
  ts_start                          = "string"
  types                             = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) active query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by active alerts defaults to true
- `category` (String) category query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by category.
- `device_tags` (List of String) deviceTags query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device tags
- `device_types` (List of String) deviceTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device types
- `dismissed` (Boolean) dismissed query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by dismissed alerts defaults to false
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_id` (String) networkId query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts by network ids.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 4 300. Default is 30.
- `resolved` (Boolean) resolved query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by resolved alerts defaults to false
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by primary device serial
- `severity` (String) severity query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by severity type.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. Optional parameter to set column to sort by.
- `sort_order` (String) sortOrder query parameter. Sorted order of entries. Order options are 'ascending' and 'descending'. Default is 'ascending'.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes` (Boolean) suppressAlertsForOfflineNodes query parameter. When set to true the api will only return connectivity alerts for a given device if that device is in an offline state. This only applies to devices. This is ignored when resolved is true. Example:  If a Switch has a VLan Mismatch and is Unreachable. only the Unreachable alert will be returned. Defaults to false.
- `ts_end` (String) tsEnd query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by end timestamp
- `ts_start` (String) tsStart query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by starting timestamp
- `types` (List of String) types query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by alert type.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationAssuranceAlerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `category_type` (String) Category type that the health alert belongs to
- `description` (String) Description of the alert
- `device_type` (String) Device Type that the alert occurred on
- `dismissed_at` (String) Time when the alert was dismissed
- `id` (String) ID of the health alert
- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `resolved_at` (String) Time when the alert was resolved
- `scope` (Attributes) Scope of the alert (which devices and networks are affected) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--scope))
- `severity` (String) Alert severity
- `started_at` (String) Time when the alert started
- `title` (String) Human Readable Title for Alert type
- `type` (String) Alert Type

<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the network where alert appears
- `name` (String) Name of the network where alert appears


<a id="nestedatt--items--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.scope`

Read-Only:

- `applications` (List of String) Applications affected by the alert
- `devices` (Attributes Set) Description of affected devices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--scope--devices))
- `peers` (List of String) Peers affected by the alert

<a id="nestedatt--items--scope--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.scope.devices`

Read-Only:

- `imei` (String) IMEI of affected device
- `lldp` (Attributes) Port of affected device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--scope--devices--lldp))
- `mac` (String) MAC address of affected device
- `name` (String) Name of affected device
- `order` (Number) Order of affected device in array
- `product_type` (String) Type of affected device
- `serial` (String) Serial of affected device
- `url` (String) URL of affected device

<a id="nestedatt--items--scope--devices--lldp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.scope.devices.lldp`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Port of affect device
