---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_clients_bandwidth_usage_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_clients_bandwidth_usage_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_clients_bandwidth_usage_history" "example" {

  device_tag      = "string"
  network_tag     = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  ssid_name       = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
  usage_uplink    = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_clients_bandwidth_usage_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_clients_bandwidth_usage_history.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `device_tag` (String) deviceTag query parameter. Match result to an exact device tag
- `network_tag` (String) networkTag query parameter. Match result to an exact network tag
- `ssid_name` (String) ssidName query parameter. Filter results by ssid name
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 186 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 186 days. The default is 1 day.
- `usage_uplink` (String) usageUplink query parameter. Filter results by usage uplink

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationClientsBandwidthUsageHistory (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `downstream` (Number) Downloaded data, in mbps.
- `total` (Number) Total bandwidth usage, in mbps.
- `ts` (String) Timestamp for the bandwidth usage snapshot.
- `upstream` (Number) Uploaded data, in mbps.
