---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_by_network Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_by_network (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_by_network" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_by_network_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_by_network.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter Sentry Policies by Network Id
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 50.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmGetOrganizationSmSentryPoliciesAssignmentsByNetwork (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Sentry Group Policies for the Organization keyed by the Network or Locale Id the Policy belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) The Id of the Network
- `policies` (Attributes Set) Array of Sentry Group Policies for the Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.policies`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the Sentry Policy
- `group_number` (String) The number of the Group Policy
- `group_policy_id` (String) The Id of the Group Policy. This is associated with the network specified by the networkId.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The last update time of the Sentry Policy
- `network_id` (String) The Id of the Network the Sentry Policy is associated with. In a locale, this should be the Wireless Group if present, otherwise the Wired Group.
- `policy_id` (String) The Id of the Sentry Policy
- `priority` (String) The priority of the Sentry Policy
- `scope` (String) The scope of the Sentry Policy
- `sm_network_id` (String) The Id of the Systems Manager Network the Sentry Policy is assigned to
- `tags` (List of String) The tags of the Sentry Policy



<a id="nestedatt--items--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
