---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_devices (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_devices" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  floor_plan_ids  = ["string"]
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_devices_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_devices.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `floor_plan_ids` (List of String) floorPlanIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by one or more floorplan IDs
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by one or more network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 10000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationFloorPlansAutoLocateDevices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Items in the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items`

Read-Only:

- `auto_locate` (Attributes) The auto locate position for this device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--auto_locate))
- `floor_plan` (Attributes) The assigned floor plan for this device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--floor_plan))
- `is_anchor` (Boolean) Whether or not this auto locate position is an anchor
- `lat` (Number) Latitude
- `lng` (Number) Longitude
- `mac` (String) MAC Address
- `model` (String) Model
- `name` (String) Device Name
- `network` (Attributes) Network info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--network))
- `serial` (String) Device Serial Number
- `status` (String) Device Status
- `tags` (List of String) Tags
- `type` (String) The type of auto locate position. Possible values: 'user', 'gnss', and 'calculated'

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--auto_locate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.auto_locate`

Read-Only:

- `lat` (Number) Latitude
- `lng` (Number) Longitude


<a id="nestedatt--items--items--floor_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.floor_plan`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Floor plan ID
- `status` (String) Floor plan name


<a id="nestedatt--items--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID for the network containing this device



<a id="nestedatt--items--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
