---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_redundancy_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wirelessController"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_redundancy_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_redundancy_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_redundancy_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_redundancy_statuses.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controller by its cloud IDs. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Wireless LAN controller redundancy statuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Wireless LAN controller redundancy enablement
- `failover` (Attributes) Wireless LAN controller failover information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--failover))
- `mobility_mac` (String) Wireless LAN controller redundancy mobility mac
- `mode` (String) Wireless LAN controller redundancy SSO (stateful switchover)
- `serial` (String) Wireless LAN controller cloud ID

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.failover`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Wireless LAN controller switchover counts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--failover--counts))
- `last` (Attributes) Wireless LAN controller last failover information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--failover--last))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--failover--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.failover.counts`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) Total number of failovers


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--failover--last"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.failover.last`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) Wireless LAN controller last redundancy switchover reason
- `ts` (String) Wireless LAN controller last redundancy switchover time




<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
