---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_rules (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_rules" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_rules_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_rules.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. (optional) The set of network IDs to include.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Meta details about the result (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Created at timestamp
- `match` (Attributes) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to        connect to rogue SSIDs by default. (blocked by default) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--match))
- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `rule_id` (String) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to        connect to rogue SSIDs by default. (blocked by default)
- `type` (String) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to        connect to rogue SSIDs by default. (blocked by default)
- `updated_at` (String) Updated at timestamp

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.match`

Read-Only:

- `string` (String) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to        connect to rogue SSIDs by default. (blocked by default)
- `type` (String) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to        connect to rogue SSIDs by default. (blocked by default)


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Network ID
- `name` (String) Network name



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) Count of rules
