---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_settings_by_network Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_settings_by_network (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_settings_by_network" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_settings_by_network_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_air_marshal_settings_by_network.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. The network IDs to include in the result set.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `default_policy` (String) Indicates whether or not clients are allowed to       connect to rogue SSIDs. (blocked by default)
- `network_id` (String) The network ID


<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) Remaining number of items
- `total` (Number) Total number of items
