---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_licensing_coterm_licenses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_licensing_coterm_licenses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_licensing_coterm_licenses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  expired         = false
  invalidated     = false
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_licensing_coterm_licenses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_licensing_coterm_licenses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `expired` (Boolean) expired query parameter. Filter for licenses that are expired
- `invalidated` (Boolean) invalidated query parameter. Filter for licenses that are invalidated
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseLicensingGetOrganizationLicensingCotermLicenses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `claimed_at` (String) When the license was claimed into the organization
- `counts` (Attributes Set) The counts of the license by model type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--counts))
- `duration` (Number) The duration (term length) of the license, measured in days
- `editions` (Attributes Set) The editions of the license for each relevant product type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--editions))
- `expired` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if the license is expired
- `invalidated` (Boolean) Flag to indicated that the license is invalidated
- `invalidated_at` (String) When the license was invalidated. Will be null for active licenses
- `key` (String) The key of the license
- `mode` (String) The operation mode of the license when it was claimed
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization that the license is claimed in
- `started_at` (String) When the license's term began (approximately the date when the license was created)

<a id="nestedatt--items--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.counts`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The number of counts the license contains of this model
- `model` (String) The license model type


<a id="nestedatt--items--editions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.editions`

Read-Only:

- `edition` (String) The name of the license edition
- `product_type` (String) The product type of the license edition
