---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_sm_admins_roles Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_sm_admins_roles (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_sm_admins_roles" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_sm_admins_roles_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_sm_admins_roles.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 50.
- `role_id` (String) roleId path parameter. Role ID
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the limited access role
- `role_id` (String) The Id of the limited access role
- `scope` (String) The scope of the limited access role
- `tags` (List of String) The tags of the limited access role
