---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_clients_search Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_clients_search (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_clients_search" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  mac             = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_clients_search_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_clients_search.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mac` (String) mac query parameter. The MAC address of the client. Required.
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 5. Default is 5.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The ID of the client
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the client
- `manufacturer` (String) Manufacturer of the client
- `records` (Attributes Set) The clients that appear on any networks within an organization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--records))

<a id="nestedatt--item--records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.records`

Read-Only:

- `cdp` (Attributes Set) The Cisco discover protocol settings for the client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--records--cdp))
- `client_vpn_connections` (Attributes Set) VPN connections associated with the client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--records--client_vpn_connections))
- `description` (String) Short description of the client
- `first_seen` (Number) Timestamp client was first seen in the network
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the client
- `ip6` (String) The IPv6 address of the client
- `last_seen` (Number) Timestamp client was last seen in the network
- `lldp` (Attributes Set) The link layer discover protocol settings for the client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--records--lldp))
- `network` (Attributes) The network upon which a client with the given MAC address was found (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--records--network))
- `os` (String) The operating system of the client
- `recent_device_mac` (String) The MAC address of the node that the device was last connected to
- `sm_installed` (Boolean) Status of SM for the client
- `ssid` (String) The name of the SSID that the client is connected to
- `status` (String) The connection status of the client
- `switchport` (String) The switch port the client is connected to
- `user` (String) The username of the user of the client
- `vlan` (String) The name of the VLAN that the client is connected to
- `wireless_capabilities` (String) Wireless capabilities of the client

<a id="nestedatt--item--records--cdp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.records.cdp`


<a id="nestedatt--item--records--client_vpn_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.records.client_vpn_connections`

Read-Only:

- `connected_at` (Number) The time the client last connected to the VPN
- `disconnected_at` (Number) The time the client last disconnected from the VPN
- `remote_ip` (String) The IP address of the VPN the client last connected to


<a id="nestedatt--item--records--lldp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.records.lldp`


<a id="nestedatt--item--records--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.records.network`

Read-Only:

- `enrollment_string` (String) The network enrollment string
- `id` (String) The network identifier
- `is_bound_to_config_template` (Boolean) If the network is bound to a config template
- `name` (String) The network name
- `notes` (String) The notes for the network
- `organization_id` (String) The organization identifier
- `product_types` (List of String)
- `tags` (List of String) The network tags
- `time_zone` (String) The network's timezone
- `url` (String) The network URL
