---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_devices_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_devices_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_devices_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before    = "string"
  models           = ["string"]
  network_ids      = ["string"]
  organization_id  = "string"
  per_page         = 1
  product_types    = ["string"]
  serials          = ["string"]
  starting_after   = "string"
  statuses         = ["string"]
  tags             = ["string"]
  tags_filter_type = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_devices_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_devices_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `models` (List of String) models query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by models.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by network ids.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. An optional parameter to filter device statuses by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, and sensor.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by serials.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `statuses` (List of String) statuses query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by statuses. Valid statuses are ["online", "alerting", "offline", "dormant"].
- `tags` (List of String) tags query parameter. An optional parameter to filter devices by tags. The filtering is case-sensitive. If tags are included, 'tagsFilterType' should also be included (see below).
- `tags_filter_type` (String) tagsFilterType query parameter. An optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return devices which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationDevicesStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `components` (Attributes) Components (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--components))
- `gateway` (String) IP Gateway
- `ip_type` (String) IP Type
- `lan_ip` (String) LAN IP Address
- `last_reported_at` (String) Device Last Reported Location
- `mac` (String) MAC Address
- `model` (String) Model
- `name` (String) Device Name
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `primary_dns` (String) Primary DNS
- `product_type` (String) Product Type
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP Address
- `secondary_dns` (String) Secondary DNS
- `serial` (String) Device Serial Number
- `status` (String) Device Status
- `tags` (List of String) Tags

<a id="nestedatt--items--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.components`

Read-Only:

- `power_supplies` (Attributes Set) Power Supplies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--components--power_supplies))

<a id="nestedatt--items--components--power_supplies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.components.power_supplies`

Read-Only:

- `model` (String) Model of the power supply
- `poe` (Attributes) PoE info of the power supply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--components--power_supplies--poe))
- `serial` (String) Serial of the power supply
- `slot` (Number) Slot the power supply is in
- `status` (String) Status of the power supply

<a id="nestedatt--items--components--power_supplies--poe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.components.power_supplies.status`

Read-Only:

- `maximum` (Number) Maximum PoE this power supply can provide when connected to the current switch model
- `unit` (String) Unit of the PoE maximum
