---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  mac             = "string"
  macs            = ["string"]
  model           = "string"
  models          = ["string"]
  name            = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  product_types   = ["string"]
  serial          = "string"
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `mac` (String) mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device MAC address. All returned devices will have a MAC address that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `macs` (List of String) macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device MAC addresses. All returned devices will have a MAC address that is an exact match.
- `model` (String) model query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device model. All returned devices will have a model that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `models` (List of String) models query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device models. All returned devices will have a model that is an exact match.
- `name` (String) name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device name. All returned devices will have a name that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by network.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, and secureConnect.
- `serial` (String) serial query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device serial number. All returned devices will have a serial number that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device serial numbers. All returned devices will have a serial number that is an exact match.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetOrganizationWirelessRfProfilesAssignmentsByDevice (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) The top-level propery containing all status data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Other metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items`

Read-Only:

- `model` (String) Model number of the device.
- `name` (String) Name of the device.
- `network` (Attributes) Information regarding the network the device belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--network))
- `rf_profile` (Attributes) Information regarding the RF Profile of the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--rf_profile))
- `serial` (String) Unique serial number for device.

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The network ID.


<a id="nestedatt--items--items--rf_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.rf_profile`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the RF Profile the device belongs to.
- `is_indoor_default` (Boolean) Status to show if this profile is default indoor profile.
- `is_outdoor_default` (Boolean) Status to show if this profile is default outdoor profile.
- `name` (String) The name of the RF Profile the device belongs to.



<a id="nestedatt--items--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Count metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) The count metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of serials remaining based on current pagination location within the dataset.
- `total` (Number) The total number of serials.
