---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_summary_top_clients_by_usage Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_summary_top_clients_by_usage (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_summary_top_clients_by_usage" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_summary_top_clients_by_usage_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_summary_top_clients_by_usage.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be greater than or equal to 8 hours and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationSummaryTopClientsByUsage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of client
- `mac` (String) MAC address of client
- `name` (String) Name of client
- `network` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `usage` (Attributes) Data usage information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of network
- `name` (String) Name of network


<a id="nestedatt--items--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.usage`

Read-Only:

- `downstream` (Number) Downstream data usage by client
- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of total data usage by client
- `total` (Number) Total data usage by client
- `upstream` (Number) Upstream data usage by client
