---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_connections Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wirelessController"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_connections (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_connections" "example" {

  controller_serials = ["string"]
  ending_before      = "string"
  network_ids        = ["string"]
  organization_id    = "string"
  per_page           = 1
  starting_after     = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_connections_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_connections.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `controller_serials` (List of String) controllerSerials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by its controller cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Access points associated with Wireless LAN controllers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `controller` (Attributes) Associated wireless LAN controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--controller))
- `network` (Attributes) Access points network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `serial` (String) Access points cloud ID

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--controller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.controller`

Read-Only:

- `serial` (String) Associated wireless LAN controller cloud ID


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Access points network ID
- `name` (String) Access points network name
- `url` (String) Access points network URL



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
