---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_clients_overview_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_clients_overview_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_clients_overview_by_device" "example" {

  campus_gateway_cluster_ids = ["string"]
  ending_before              = "string"
  network_ids                = ["string"]
  organization_id            = "string"
  per_page                   = 1
  serials                    = ["string"]
  starting_after             = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_clients_overview_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_clients_overview_by_device.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `campus_gateway_cluster_ids` (List of String) campusGatewayClusterIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points client counts by MCG cluster IDs. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points client counts by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points client counts by its serial numbers. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Access point client count (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Associated client count on access point (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--counts))
- `network` (Attributes) Access point network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `serial` (String) Access point Serial number

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.counts`

Read-Only:

- `by_status` (Attributes) Associated client count on access point by status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--counts--by_status))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--counts--by_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.counts.by_status`

Read-Only:

- `online` (Number) Active client count



<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Access point network ID



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
