---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_channel_utilization_history_by_device_by_interval Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_channel_utilization_history_by_device_by_interval (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_channel_utilization_history_by_device_by_interval" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  interval        = 1
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_channel_utilization_history_by_device_by_interval_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_channel_utilization_history_by_device_by_interval.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `interval` (Number) interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are: 300, 600, 3600, 7200, 14400, 21600. The default is 3600.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Filter results by network.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Filter results by device.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseWirelessGetOrganizationWirelessDevicesChannelUtilizationHistoryByDeviceByInterval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `by_band` (Attributes Set) Channel utilization broken down by band. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--by_band))
- `end_ts` (String) The end time of the channel utilization interval.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the device.
- `network` (Attributes) Network for the given utilization metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `serial` (String) The serial number for the device.
- `start_ts` (String) The start time of the channel utilization interval.

<a id="nestedatt--items--by_band"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.by_band`

Read-Only:

- `band` (String) The band for the given metrics.
- `non_wifi` (Attributes) An object containing non-wifi utilization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--by_band--non_wifi))
- `total` (Attributes) An object containing total channel utilization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--by_band--total))
- `wifi` (Attributes) An object containing wifi utilization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--by_band--wifi))

<a id="nestedatt--items--by_band--non_wifi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.by_band.non_wifi`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of non-wifi channel utiliation for the given band.


<a id="nestedatt--items--by_band--total"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.by_band.total`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of total channel utiliation for the given band.


<a id="nestedatt--items--by_band--wifi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.by_band.wifi`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of wifi channel utiliation for the given band.



<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Network ID of the given utilization metrics.
