---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  floor_plan_ids  = ["string"]
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_floor_plans_auto_locate_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `floor_plan_ids` (List of String) floorPlanIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter floorplans by one or more floorplan IDs
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter floorplans by one or more network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 10000. Default is 1000.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationFloorPlansAutoLocateStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Items in the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts for this floor plan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--counts))
- `floor_plan_id` (String) Floor plan ID
- `jobs` (Attributes Set) The most recent job for this floor plan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs))
- `name` (String) Floor plan name
- `network` (Attributes) Network info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--network))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.counts`

Read-Only:

- `devices` (Attributes) Device counts for this floor plan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--counts--devices))

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--counts--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.counts.devices`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) The total number of devices that will participate if an auto locate job is started



<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs`

Read-Only:

- `completed` (Attributes) Auto locate job progress information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--completed))
- `errors` (Attributes Set) List of errors that occurred during a failed run of auto locate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--errors))
- `gnss` (Attributes) GNSS (e.g. GPS) status and progress information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--gnss))
- `id` (String) Auto locate job ID
- `ranging` (Attributes) Ranging status and progress information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--ranging))
- `scheduled_at` (String) Scheduled start time for auto locate job
- `status` (String) Auto locate job status. Possible values: 'scheduled', 'in progress', 'canceling', 'error', 'finished', 'published', 'canceled'

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--completed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.completed`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Approximate auto locate job completion percentage


<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.errors`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String) The step of the auto locate process when the error occurred. Possible values: 'gnss', 'ranging', 'positioning'
- `type` (String) The type of error that occurred. Possible values: 'failure', 'no neighbors', 'missing anchors', 'wrong anchors', 'missing ranging data', 'calculation failure', 'scheduling failure'


<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--gnss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.gnss`

Read-Only:

- `completed` (Attributes) Progress information for the GNSS acquisition process (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--gnss--completed))
- `status` (String) GNSS status. Possible values: 'scheduled', 'in progress', 'error', 'finished', 'not applicable', 'canceled'

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--gnss--completed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.gnss.completed`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Completion percentage of the GNSS acquisition process



<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--ranging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.ranging`

Read-Only:

- `completed` (Attributes) Progress information for the ranging process (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--items--jobs--ranging--completed))
- `status` (String) Ranging status. Possible values: 'scheduled', 'in progress', 'error', 'finished', 'no neighbors'

<a id="nestedatt--items--items--jobs--ranging--completed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.jobs.ranging.completed`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number) Completion percentage of the ranging process




<a id="nestedatt--items--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID for the network containing the floorplan



<a id="nestedatt--items--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
