---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_firewall_isolation_allowlist_entries Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_firewall_isolation_allowlist_entries (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_firewall_isolation_allowlist_entries" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  ssids           = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_firewall_isolation_allowlist_entries_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_firewall_isolation_allowlist_entries.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. networkIds array to filter out results
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `ssids` (List of String) ssids query parameter. ssids number array to filter out results
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) L2 isolation allowlist items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `client` (Attributes) The client of allowlist (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--client))
- `created_at` (String) Created at timestamp for the adaptive policy group
- `description` (String) The description of mac address
- `entry_id` (String) The id of entry
- `last_updated_at` (String) Updated at timestamp for the adaptive policy group
- `network` (Attributes) The network that allowlist SSID belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `ssid` (Attributes) The SSID that allowlist belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--ssid))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.client`

Read-Only:

- `mac` (String) L2 Isolation mac address


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The index of network
- `name` (String) The name of network


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--ssid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.ssid`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The index of SSID
- `name` (String) The name of SSID
- `number` (Number) The number of SSID



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
