---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device" "example" {

  ending_before    = "string"
  network_ids      = ["string"]
  organization_id  = "string"
  per_page         = 1
  product_types    = ["string"]
  serials          = ["string"]
  starting_after   = "string"
  tags             = ["string"]
  tags_filter_type = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device uplinks by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device uplinks by device product types. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities by device serial numbers. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (List of String) tags query parameter. An optional parameter to filter devices by tags. The filtering is case-sensitive. If tags are included, 'tagsFilterType' should also be included (see below). This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `tags_filter_type` (String) tagsFilterType query parameter. An optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return devices which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationDevicesUplinksAddressesByDevice (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `mac` (String) The device MAC address.
- `name` (String) The device name.
- `network` (Attributes) Network info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `product_type` (String) Device product type.
- `serial` (String) The device serial number.
- `tags` (List of String) List of custom tags for the device.
- `uplinks` (Attributes Set) List of device uplink addresses information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID for the network containing the device.


<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Attributes Set) Available addresses for the interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses))
- `interface` (String) Interface for the device uplink. Available options are: cellular, man1, man2, wan1, wan2

<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Device uplink address.
- `assignment_mode` (String) Indicates how the device uplink address is assigned. Available options are: static, dynamic.
- `gateway` (String) Device uplink gateway address.
- `nameservers` (Attributes) Device DNS nameserver information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--nameservers))
- `protocol` (String) Type of address for the device uplink. Available options are: ipv4, ipv6.
- `public` (Attributes) Public interface information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--public))
- `vlan` (Attributes) VLAN information of the uplink interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--vlan))

<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--nameservers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.addresses.nameservers`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (List of String) Device DNS nameserver address.


<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.addresses.public`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The device uplink public IP address.


<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--addresses--vlan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.addresses.vlan`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) VLAN ID of the uplink interface
