---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_power_mode_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_power_mode_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_power_mode_history" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_power_mode_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_power_mode_history.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the result set by the included set of network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 20. Default is 10.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device serial numbers
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 1 day from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 1 day after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 1 day. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) The top-level property containing all power mode data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `events` (Attributes Set) Events indicating power mode changes for the device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--events))
- `mac` (String) MAC address of the device
- `model` (String) Model of the device
- `name` (String) Name of the device
- `network` (Attributes) Information regarding the network the device belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `serial` (String) Unique serial number for the device
- `tags` (List of String) List of custom tags for the device

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.events`

Read-Only:

- `power_mode` (String) The power mode of the device
- `ts` (String) Timestamp of the event


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The network ID
- `name` (String) The name of the network
- `tags` (List of String) List of custom tags for the network
