---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_network Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_network (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_network" "example" {

  active                            = false
  category                          = "string"
  device_tags                       = ["string"]
  device_types                      = ["string"]
  dismissed                         = false
  ending_before                     = "string"
  network_id                        = "string"
  organization_id                   = "string"
  per_page                          = 1
  resolved                          = false
  serials                           = ["string"]
  severity                          = "string"
  sort_order                        = "string"
  starting_after                    = "string"
  suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes = false
  ts_end                            = "string"
  ts_start                          = "string"
  types                             = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_network_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_network.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) active query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by active alerts defaults to true
- `category` (String) category query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by category.
- `device_tags` (List of String) deviceTags query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device tags
- `device_types` (List of String) deviceTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device types
- `dismissed` (Boolean) dismissed query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by dismissed alerts defaults to false
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_id` (String) networkId query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by network id.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `resolved` (Boolean) resolved query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by resolved alerts defaults to false
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by primary device serial
- `severity` (String) severity query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by severity type.
- `sort_order` (String) sortOrder query parameter. Sorted order of entries. Order options are 'ascending' and 'descending'. Default is 'ascending'.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes` (Boolean) suppressAlertsForOfflineNodes query parameter. When set to true the api will only return connectivity alerts for a given device if that device is in an offline state. This only applies to devices. This is ignored when resolved is true. Example:  If a Switch has a VLan Mismatch and is Unreachable. only the Unreachable alert will be returned. Defaults to false.
- `ts_end` (String) tsEnd query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by end timestamp
- `ts_start` (String) tsStart query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by starting timestamp
- `types` (List of String) types query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by alert type.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Alert Counts by Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata about the response (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `alert_count` (Number) Total Alerts
- `network_id` (String) id
- `network_name` (String) Name
- `severity_counts` (Attributes Set) Alerts By Severity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--severity_counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--severity_counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.severity_counts`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Count
- `type` (String) Type



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Number) Total Alerts
