---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_summary_top_ssids_by_usage Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_summary_top_ssids_by_usage (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_summary_top_ssids_by_usage" "example" {

  device_tag      = "string"
  network_tag     = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  quantity        = 1
  ssid_name       = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
  usage_uplink    = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_summary_top_ssids_by_usage_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_summary_top_ssids_by_usage.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `device_tag` (String) deviceTag query parameter. Match result to an exact device tag
- `network_tag` (String) networkTag query parameter. Match result to an exact network tag
- `quantity` (Number) quantity query parameter. Set number of desired results to return. Default is 10.
- `ssid_name` (String) ssidName query parameter. Filter results by ssid name
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 186 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be greater than or equal to 8 hours and be less than or equal to 186 days. The default is 1 day.
- `usage_uplink` (String) usageUplink query parameter. Filter results by usage uplink

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationSummaryTopSsidsByUsage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `clients` (Attributes) Clients info of the SSID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--clients))
- `name` (String) Name of the SSID
- `usage` (Attributes) Date usage of the SSID, in megabytes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--items--clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.clients`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts of the clients (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--clients--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--items--clients--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.clients.counts`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) Total counts of the clients



<a id="nestedatt--items--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.usage`

Read-Only:

- `downstream` (Number) Downstream usage of the SSID
- `percentage` (Number) Percentage usage of the SSID
- `total` (Number) Total usage of the SSID
- `upstream` (Number) Upstream usage of the SSID
