---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_inventory_onboarding_cloud_monitoring_networks Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_inventory_onboarding_cloud_monitoring_networks (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_inventory_onboarding_cloud_monitoring_networks" "example" {

  device_type     = "string"
  ending_before   = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  search          = "string"
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_inventory_onboarding_cloud_monitoring_networks_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_inventory_onboarding_cloud_monitoring_networks.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_type` (String) deviceType query parameter. Device Type switch or wireless controller
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 100000. Default is 1000.
- `search` (String) search query parameter. Optional parameter to search on network name
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationInventoryOnboardingCloudMonitoringNetworks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `enrollment_string` (String) Enrollment string for the network
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `is_bound_to_config_template` (Boolean) If the network is bound to a config template
- `name` (String) Network name
- `notes` (String) Notes for the network
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID
- `product_types` (List of String) List of the product types that the network supports
- `tags` (List of String) Network tags
- `time_zone` (String) Timezone of the network
- `url` (String) URL to the network Dashboard UI
