---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_statuses_by_device Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_statuses_by_device (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_statuses_by_device" "example" {

  bssids          = ["string"]
  ending_before   = "string"
  hide_disabled   = false
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_statuses_by_device_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_ssids_statuses_by_device.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `bssids` (List of String) bssids query parameter. A list of BSSIDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these BSSIDs.
- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `hide_disabled` (Boolean) hideDisabled query parameter. If true, the returned devices will not include disabled SSIDs. (default: true)
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the result set by the included set of network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 500. Default is 100.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. A list of serial numbers. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these serials.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) The top-level propery containing all status data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Other metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `basic_service_sets` (Attributes Set) Status information for wireless access points. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets))
- `name` (String) Name of device.
- `network` (Attributes) Group of devices and settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `serial` (String) Unique serial number for device.

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.basic_service_sets`

Read-Only:

- `bssid` (String) Unique identifier for wireless access point.
- `radio` (Attributes) Wireless access point radio identifier. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets--radio))
- `ssid` (Attributes) Wireless access point and network identifier. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets--ssid))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets--radio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.basic_service_sets.radio`

Read-Only:

- `band` (String) Frequency range used for wireless communication.
- `channel` (Number) Frequency channel used for wireless communication.
- `channel_width` (Number) Width of frequency channel used for wireless communication.
- `index` (String) The radio index.
- `is_broadcasting` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not this radio is currently broadcasting.
- `power` (Number) Strength of wireless signal.


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--basic_service_sets--ssid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.basic_service_sets.ssid`

Read-Only:

- `advertised` (Boolean) Availability of wireless network for devices to connect to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Status of wireless network.
- `name` (String) Name of wireless network.
- `number` (Number) Unique identifier for wireless network.



<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for network.
- `name` (String) Name of network.



<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Count metadata related to this result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) The count metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items remaining based on current pagination location within the dataset.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.
