---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview" "example" {

  active                            = false
  category                          = "string"
  device_tags                       = ["string"]
  device_types                      = ["string"]
  dismissed                         = false
  network_id                        = "string"
  organization_id                   = "string"
  resolved                          = false
  serials                           = ["string"]
  severity                          = "string"
  suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes = false
  ts_end                            = "string"
  ts_start                          = "string"
  types                             = ["string"]
}

output "meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) active query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by active alerts defaults to true
- `category` (String) category query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by category.
- `device_tags` (List of String) deviceTags query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device tags
- `device_types` (List of String) deviceTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device types
- `dismissed` (Boolean) dismissed query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by dismissed alerts defaults to false
- `network_id` (String) networkId query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by network ids.
- `resolved` (Boolean) resolved query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by resolved alerts defaults to false
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by primary device serial
- `severity` (String) severity query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by severity type.
- `suppress_alerts_for_offline_nodes` (Boolean) suppressAlertsForOfflineNodes query parameter. When set to true the api will only return connectivity alerts for a given device if that device is in an offline state. This only applies to devices. This is ignored when resolved is true. Example:  If a Switch has a VLan Mismatch and is Unreachable. only the Unreachable alert will be returned. Defaults to false.
- `ts_end` (String) tsEnd query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by end timestamp
- `ts_start` (String) tsStart query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by starting timestamp
- `types` (List of String) types query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by alert type.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts of alerts on the organization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts`

Read-Only:

- `by_severity` (Attributes Set) Counts of alerts on organization by severity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_severity))
- `total` (Number) Total number of alerts on the organization

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_severity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_severity`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Total count of the given severity type
- `type` (String) Severity Type
