---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_devices_availabilities_change_history Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_devices_availabilities_change_history (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_devices_availabilities_change_history" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  product_types   = ["string"]
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  statuses        = ["string"]
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_devices_availabilities_change_history_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_devices_availabilities_change_history.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `product_types` (List of String) productTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device product types
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device serial numbers
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `statuses` (List of String) statuses query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device statuses
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationDevicesAvailabilitiesChangeHistory (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes) Details about the status changes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--details))
- `device` (Attributes) Device information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--device))
- `network` (Attributes) Network information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `ts` (String) Timestamp, in iso8601 format, at which the event happened

<a id="nestedatt--items--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.details`

Read-Only:

- `new` (Attributes Set) Details about the new status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--details--new))
- `old` (Attributes Set) Details about the old status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--details--old))

<a id="nestedatt--items--details--new"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.details.new`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the detail
- `value` (String) Value of the detail


<a id="nestedatt--items--details--old"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.details.old`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the detail
- `value` (String) Value of the detail



<a id="nestedatt--items--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.device`

Read-Only:

- `model` (String) Device model
- `name` (String) Device name
- `product_type` (String) Device product type.
- `serial` (String) Device serial number


<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Network id
- `name` (String) Network name
- `tags` (List of String) Network tags
- `url` (String) Network dashboard url
