---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_clients_overview_history_by_device_by_interval Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wirelessController"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_clients_overview_history_by_device_by_interval (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_clients_overview_history_by_device_by_interval" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  resolution      = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_clients_overview_history_by_device_by_interval_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_clients_overview_history_by_device_by_interval.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controllers by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `resolution` (Number) resolution query parameter. The time resolution in seconds for returned data. The valid resolutions are: 300, 600, 1200, 3600, 14400, 86400. The default is 86400.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controller by its cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Overview history of wireless LAN controllers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))
- `meta` (Attributes) Metadata relevant to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `network` (Attributes) Wireless LAN controller network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--network))
- `readings` (Attributes Set) Overview history of a wireless LAN controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--readings))
- `serial` (String) Wireless LAN controller cloud ID

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Wireless LAN controller network ID


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--readings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.readings`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Client counts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--readings--counts))
- `end_ts` (String) The end time of the query range
- `start_ts` (String) The start time of the query range

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--readings--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.readings.counts`

Read-Only:

- `by_status` (Attributes) Client counts by its status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--readings--counts--by_status))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--readings--counts--by_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.readings.counts.by_status`

Read-Only:

- `online` (Number) Number of connected clients





<a id="nestedatt--item--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes) Counts relating to the paginated items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--meta--counts--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.meta.counts.items`

Read-Only:

- `remaining` (Number) The number of items in the dataset that are available on subsequent pages
- `total` (Number) The total number of items in the dataset
