---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_appliance_traffic_shaping_vpn_exclusions_by_network Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "appliance"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_appliance_traffic_shaping_vpn_exclusions_by_network (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_appliance_traffic_shaping_vpn_exclusions_by_network" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_appliance_traffic_shaping_vpn_exclusions_by_network_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_appliance_traffic_shaping_vpn_exclusions_by_network.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the results by network IDs
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 50.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) VPN exclusion rules by network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `custom` (Attributes Set) Custom VPN exclusion rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--custom))
- `major_applications` (Attributes Set) Major Application based VPN exclusion rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--major_applications))
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network whose VPN exclusion rules are returned.
- `network_name` (String) Name of the network whose VPN exclusion rules are returned.

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.custom`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) Destination address; hostname required for DNS, IPv4 otherwise.
- `port` (String) Destination port.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol.


<a id="nestedatt--item--items--major_applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.major_applications`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Application's Meraki ID.
- `name` (String) Application's name.
