---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_overview Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_switch_ports_overview (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_overview" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_switch_ports_overview_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_switch_ports_overview.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 186 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be greater than or equal to 12 hours and be less than or equal to 186 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) The count data of all ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts`

Read-Only:

- `by_status` (Attributes) The count data, indexed by active or inactive status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status))
- `total` (Number) The total number of ports

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Attributes) The count data for active ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active))
- `inactive` (Attributes) The count data for inactive ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.active`

Read-Only:

- `by_media_and_link_speed` (Attributes) The active count data, indexed by media type (RJ45 or SFP) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed))
- `total` (Number) The total number of active ports

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.active.by_media_and_link_speed`

Read-Only:

- `rj45` (Attributes) The count data for RJ45 ports, indexed by speed in Mb (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed--rj45))
- `sfp` (Attributes) The count data for SFP ports, indexed by speed in Mb (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed--sfp))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed--rj45"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.active.by_media_and_link_speed.rj45`

Read-Only:

- `status_10` (Number) The number of active 10 Mbps RJ45 ports
- `status_100` (Number) The number of active 100 Mbps RJ45 ports
- `status_1000` (Number) The number of active 1 Gbps RJ45 ports
- `status_10000` (Number) The number of active 10 Gbps RJ45 ports
- `status_2500` (Number) The number of active 2 Gbps RJ45 ports
- `status_5000` (Number) The number of active 5 Gbps RJ45 ports
- `total` (Number) The total number of active RJ45 ports


<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--active--by_media_and_link_speed--sfp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.active.by_media_and_link_speed.sfp`

Read-Only:

- `status_100` (Number) The number of active 100 Mbps SFP ports
- `status_1000` (Number) The number of active 1 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_10000` (Number) The number of active 10 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_100000` (Number) The number of active 100 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_20000` (Number) The number of active 20 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_25000` (Number) The number of active 25 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_40000` (Number) The number of active 40 Gbps SFP ports
- `status_50000` (Number) The number of active 50 Gbps SFP ports
- `total` (Number) The total number of active SFP ports




<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.inactive`

Read-Only:

- `by_media` (Attributes) The inactive count data, indexed by media type (RJ45 or SFP) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media))
- `total` (Number) The total number of inactive ports

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.inactive.by_media`

Read-Only:

- `rj45` (Attributes) The count data for inactive RJ45 ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media--rj45))
- `sfp` (Attributes) The count data for inactive SFP ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media--sfp))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media--rj45"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.inactive.by_media.rj45`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) The total number of inactive RJ45 ports


<a id="nestedatt--item--counts--by_status--inactive--by_media--sfp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts.by_status.inactive.by_media.sfp`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) The total number of inactive SFP ports
