---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_uplinks_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_uplinks_statuses (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_uplinks_statuses" "example" {

  ending_before   = "string"
  iccids          = ["string"]
  network_ids     = ["string"]
  organization_id = "string"
  per_page        = 1
  serials         = ["string"]
  starting_after  = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_uplinks_statuses_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_uplinks_statuses.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) endingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `iccids` (List of String) iccids query parameter. A list of ICCIDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these ICCIDs.
- `network_ids` (List of String) networkIds query parameter. A list of network IDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these networks.
- `per_page` (Number) perPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (List of String) serials query parameter. A list of serial numbers. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these serials.
- `starting_after` (String) startingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseOrganizationsGetOrganizationUplinksStatuses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `high_availability` (Attributes) Device High Availability Capabilities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--high_availability))
- `last_reported_at` (String) Last reported time for the device
- `model` (String) The uplink model
- `network_id` (String) Network identifier
- `serial` (String) The uplink serial
- `uplinks` (Attributes Set) Uplinks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--items--high_availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.high_availability`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether High Availability is enabled for the device. For devices that do not support HA, this will be 'false'
- `role` (String) The HA role of the device on the network. For devices that do not support HA, this will be 'primary'


<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks`

Read-Only:

- `apn` (String) Access Point Name
- `connection_type` (String) Connection Type
- `dns1` (String) Primary DNS IP
- `dns2` (String) Secondary DNS IP
- `gateway` (String) Gateway IP
- `iccid` (String) Integrated Circuit Card Identification Number
- `interface` (String) Uplink interface
- `ip` (String) Uplink IP
- `ip_assigned_by` (String) The way in which the IP is assigned
- `primary_dns` (String) Primary DNS IP
- `provider_r` (String) Network Provider
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP
- `secondary_dns` (String) Secondary DNS IP
- `signal_stat` (Attributes) Tower Signal Status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--uplinks--signal_stat))
- `signal_type` (String) Signal Type
- `status` (String) Uplink status

<a id="nestedatt--items--uplinks--signal_stat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.uplinks.signal_stat`

Read-Only:

- `rsrp` (String) Reference Signal Received Power
- `rsrq` (String) Reference Signal Received Quality
