---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_clients_overview Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_clients_overview (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meraki_organizations_clients_overview" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  t0              = "string"
  t1              = "string"
  timespan        = 1.0
}

output "meraki_organizations_clients_overview_example" {
  value = data.meraki_organizations_clients_overview.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `t0` (String) t0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) t1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. t1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `timespan` (Number) timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `counts` (Attributes) Client count information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--counts))
- `usage` (Attributes) Usage information of all clients across organization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--item--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.counts`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) Total number of clients with data usage in organization


<a id="nestedatt--item--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.usage`

Read-Only:

- `average` (Number) Average data usage (in kb) of each client in organization
- `overall` (Attributes) Overall data usage of all clients across organization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--usage--overall))

<a id="nestedatt--item--usage--overall"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.usage.overall`

Read-Only:

- `downstream` (Number) Downstream data usage (in kb) of all clients across organization
- `total` (Number) Total data usage (in kb) of all clients across organization
- `upstream` (Number) Upstream data usage (in kb) of all clients across organization
