---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_bind Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "licensing"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_bind (Resource)





~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_bind" "example" {

  subscription_id = "string"
  validate        = false
  parameters = {

    network_ids = ["L_1234", "N_5678"]
  }
}

output "meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_bind_example" {
  value = meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_bind.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `subscription_id` (String) subscriptionId path parameter. Subscription ID

### Optional

- `validate` (Boolean) validate query parameter. Check if the provided networks can be bound to the subscription. Returns any licensing problems and does not commit the results.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `network_ids` (List of String) List of network ids to bind to the subscription


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (List of String) Array of errors if failed
- `insufficient_entitlements` (Attributes Set) A list of entitlements required to successfully bind the networks to the subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--insufficient_entitlements))
- `networks` (Attributes Set) Unbound networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--networks))
- `subscription_id` (String) Subscription ID

<a id="nestedatt--item--insufficient_entitlements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.insufficient_entitlements`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) Number required
- `sku` (String) SKU of the required product


<a id="nestedatt--item--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.networks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Network ID
- `name` (String) Network name
