---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_sensor_commands_create Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "devices"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_sensor_commands_create (Resource)





~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_sensor_commands_create" "example" {

  serial = "string"
  parameters = {

    operation = "disableDownstreamPower"
  }
}

output "meraki_devices_sensor_commands_create_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_sensor_commands_create.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `operation` (String) Operation to run on the sensor. 'enableDownstreamPower', 'disableDownstreamPower', and 'cycleDownstreamPower' turn power on/off to the device that is connected downstream of an MT40 power monitor. 'refreshData' causes an MT15 or MT40 device to upload its latest readings so that they are immediately available in the Dashboard API.
                                        Allowed values: [cycleDownstreamPower,disableDownstreamPower,enableDownstreamPower,refreshData]


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `command_id` (String) ID to check the status of the command request
- `completed_at` (String) Time when the command was completed
- `created_at` (String) Time when the command was triggered
- `created_by` (Attributes) Information about the admin who triggered the command (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--created_by))
- `errors` (List of String) Array of errors if failed
- `operation` (String) Operation run on the sensor
                                          Allowed values: [cycleDownstreamPower,disableDownstreamPower,enableDownstreamPower,refreshData]
- `status` (String) Status of the command request
                                          Allowed values: [completed,failed,in_progress,pending]

<a id="nestedatt--item--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.created_by`

Read-Only:

- `admin_id` (String) ID of the admin
- `email` (String) Email of the admin
- `name` (String) Name of the admin
