---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices" "example" {

  lat    = 37.4180951010362
  lng    = -122.098531723022
  mac    = "00:11:22:33:44:55"
  name   = "My AP"
  serial = "string"
  tags   = ["recently-added"]
}

output "meraki_devices_example" {
  value = meraki_devices.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address of a device
- `floor_plan_id` (String) The floor plan to associate to this device. null disassociates the device from the floorplan.
- `lat` (Number) The latitude of a device
- `lng` (Number) The longitude of a device
- `mac` (String) Mac.
- `move_map_marker` (Boolean) Whether or not to set the latitude and longitude of a device based on the new address. Only applies when lat and lng are not specified.
- `name` (String) The name of a device
- `notes` (String) The notes for the device. String. Limited to 255 characters.
- `switch_profile_id` (String) The ID of a switch profile to bind to the device (for available switch profiles, see the 'Switch Profiles' endpoint). Use null to unbind the switch device from the current profile. For a device to be bindable to a switch profile, it must (1) be a switch, and (2) belong to a network that is bound to a configuration template.
- `tags` (List of String) The list of tags of a device

### Read-Only

- `beacon_id_params` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--beacon_id_params))
- `firmware` (String)
- `lan_ip` (String)
- `model` (String)
- `network_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--beacon_id_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `beacon_id_params`

Read-Only:

- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `uuid` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices.example "serial"
```
