---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table" "example" {

  callback = {

    http_server = {

      id = "aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20vd2ViaG9va3M="
    }
    payload_template = {

      id = "wpt_2100"
    }
    shared_secret = "secret"
    url           = "https://webhook.site/28efa24e-f830-4d9f-a12b-fbb9e5035031"
  }
  serial = "string"
}

output "meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `arp_table_id` (String) Id of the ARP table request. Used to check the status of the request.
- `callback` (Attributes) Details for the callback. Please include either an httpServerId OR url and sharedSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback))

### Read-Only

- `entries` (Attributes Set) The ARP table entries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))
- `error` (String) An error message for a failed execution
- `request` (Attributes) ARP table request parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request))
- `status` (String) Status of the ARP table request.
- `url` (String) GET this url to check the status of your ARP table request.

<a id="nestedatt--callback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback`

Optional:

- `http_server` (Attributes) The webhook receiver used for the callback webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--http_server))
- `payload_template` (Attributes) The payload template of the webhook used for the callback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--payload_template))
- `shared_secret` (String) A shared secret that will be included in the requests sent to the callback URL. It can be used to verify that the request was sent by Meraki. If using this field, please also specify an url.
- `url` (String) The callback URL for the webhook target. If using this field, please also specify a sharedSecret.

<a id="nestedatt--callback--http_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.http_server`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The webhook receiver ID that will receive information. If specifying this, please leave the url and sharedSecret fields blank.


<a id="nestedatt--callback--payload_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.payload_template`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the payload template. Defaults to 'wpt_00005' for the Callback (included) template.



<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String) The IP address of the ARP table entry
- `last_updated_at` (String) Time of the last update of the ARP table entry
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the ARP table entry
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN ID of the ARP table entry


<a id="nestedatt--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Read-Only:

- `serial` (String) Device serial number

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices_live_tools_arp_table.example "arp_table_id,serial"
```
