---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_cellular_sims Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "devices"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_cellular_sims (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_cellular_sims" "example" {

  serial = "string"
  sim_failover = {

    enabled = true
    timeout = 300
  }
  sim_ordering = ["sim1", "sim2", "sim3"]
  sims = [{

    apns = [{

      allowed_ip_types = ["ipv4", "ipv6"]
      authentication = {

        password = "secret"
        type     = "pap"
        username = "milesmeraki"
      }
      name = "internet"
    }]
    is_primary = false
    sim_order  = 3
    slot       = "sim1"
  }]
}

output "meraki_devices_cellular_sims_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_cellular_sims.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `sim_failover` (Attributes) SIM Failover settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sim_failover))
- `sim_ordering` (Set of String) Specifies the ordering of all SIMs for an MG: primary, secondary, and not-in-use (when applicable). It's required for devices with 3 or more SIMs and can be used in place of 'isPrimary' for dual-SIM devices. To indicate eSIM, use 'sim3'. Sim failover will occur only between primary and secondary sim slots.
- `sims` (Attributes Set) List of SIMs. If a SIM was previously configured and not specified in this request, it will remain unchanged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims))

<a id="nestedatt--sim_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sim_failover`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Failover to secondary SIM
- `timeout` (Number) Failover timeout in seconds


<a id="nestedatt--sims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims`

Optional:

- `apns` (Attributes Set) APN configurations. If empty, the default APN will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims--apns))
- `is_primary` (Boolean) If true, this SIM is activated on platform bootup. It must be true on single-SIM devices and is a required field for dual-SIM MGs unless it is being configured using 'simOrdering'.
- `sim_order` (Number) Priority of SIM slot being configured. Use a value between 1 and total number of SIMs available. The value must be unique for each SIM.
- `slot` (String) SIM slot being configured. Must be 'sim1' on single-sim devices. Use 'sim3' for eSIM.

<a id="nestedatt--sims--apns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims.apns`

Optional:

- `allowed_ip_types` (Set of String) IP versions to support (permitted values include 'ipv4', 'ipv6').
- `authentication` (Attributes) APN authentication configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims--apns--authentication))
- `name` (String) APN name.

<a id="nestedatt--sims--apns--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims.apns.authentication`

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) APN password, if type is set (if APN password is not supplied, the password is left unchanged).
- `type` (String) APN auth type.
                                                    Allowed values: [chap,none,pap]
- `username` (String) APN username, if type is set.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices_cellular_sims.example "serial"
```
