---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_switch_ports Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_switch_ports (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_switch_ports" "example" {

  access_policy_number     = 2
  access_policy_type       = "Sticky MAC allow list"
  adaptive_policy_group_id = "123"
  allowed_vlans            = "1,3,5-10"
  dai_trusted              = false
  dot3az = {

    enabled = false
  }
  enabled                   = true
  flexible_stacking_enabled = true
  isolation_enabled         = false
  link_negotiation          = "Auto negotiate"
  mac_allow_list            = ["34:56:fe:ce:8e:a0", "34:56:fe:ce:8e:a1"]
  name                      = "My switch port"
  peer_sgt_capable          = false
  poe_enabled               = true
  port_id                   = "string"
  port_schedule_id          = "1234"
  profile = {

    enabled = false
    id      = "1284392014819"
    iname   = "iname"
  }
  rstp_enabled                = true
  serial                      = "string"
  sticky_mac_allow_list       = ["34:56:fe:ce:8e:b0", "34:56:fe:ce:8e:b1"]
  sticky_mac_allow_list_limit = 5
  storm_control_enabled       = true
  stp_guard                   = "disabled"
  tags                        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
  type                        = "access"
  udld                        = "Alert only"
  vlan                        = 10
  voice_vlan                  = 20
}

output "meraki_devices_switch_ports_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_switch_ports.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `port_id` (String) The identifier of the switch port.
- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `access_policy_number` (Number) The number of a custom access policy to configure on the switch port. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'Custom access policy'.
- `access_policy_type` (String) The type of the access policy of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports. Can be one of 'Open', 'Custom access policy', 'MAC allow list' or 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
                                  Allowed values: [Custom access policy,MAC allow list,Open,Sticky MAC allow list]
- `adaptive_policy_group_id` (String) The adaptive policy group ID that will be used to tag traffic through this switch port. This ID must pre-exist during the configuration, else needs to be created using adaptivePolicy/groups API. Cannot be applied to a port on a switch bound to profile.
- `allowed_vlans` (String) The VLANs allowed on the switch port. Only applicable to trunk ports.
- `dai_trusted` (Boolean) If true, ARP packets for this port will be considered trusted, and Dynamic ARP Inspection will allow the traffic.
- `dot3az` (Attributes) dot3az settings for the port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dot3az))
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the switch port.
- `flexible_stacking_enabled` (Boolean) For supported switches (e.g. MS420/MS425), whether or not the port has flexible stacking enabled.
- `isolation_enabled` (Boolean) The isolation status of the switch port.
- `link_negotiation` (String) The link speed for the switch port.
- `mac_allow_list` (Set of String) Only devices with MAC addresses specified in this list will have access to this port. Up to 20 MAC addresses can be defined. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'MAC allow list'.
- `name` (String) The name of the switch port.
- `peer_sgt_capable` (Boolean) If true, Peer SGT is enabled for traffic through this switch port. Applicable to trunk port only, not access port. Cannot be applied to a port on a switch bound to profile.
- `poe_enabled` (Boolean) The PoE status of the switch port.
- `port_schedule_id` (String) The ID of the port schedule. A value of null will clear the port schedule.
- `profile` (Attributes) Profile attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--profile))
- `rstp_enabled` (Boolean) The rapid spanning tree protocol status.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list` (Set of String) The initial list of MAC addresses for sticky Mac allow list. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
- `sticky_mac_allow_list_limit` (Number) The maximum number of MAC addresses for sticky MAC allow list. Only applicable when 'accessPolicyType' is 'Sticky MAC allow list'.
- `storm_control_enabled` (Boolean) The storm control status of the switch port.
- `stp_guard` (String) The state of the STP guard ('disabled', 'root guard', 'bpdu guard' or 'loop guard').
                                  Allowed values: [bpdu guard,disabled,loop guard,root guard]
- `tags` (Set of String) The list of tags of the switch port.
- `type` (String) The type of the switch port ('trunk', 'access' or 'stack').
                                  Allowed values: [access,stack,trunk]
- `udld` (String) The action to take when Unidirectional Link is detected (Alert only, Enforce). Default configuration is Alert only.
                                  Allowed values: [Alert only,Enforce]
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the switch port. For a trunk port, this is the native VLAN. A null value will clear the value set for trunk ports.
- `voice_vlan` (Number) The voice VLAN of the switch port. Only applicable to access ports.

### Read-Only

- `adaptive_policy_group` (Attributes) The adaptive policy group data of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--adaptive_policy_group))
- `link_negotiation_capabilities` (Set of String) Available link speeds for the switch port.
- `mirror` (Attributes) Port mirror (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mirror))
- `module` (Attributes) Expansion module (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--module))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The port schedule data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `stackwise_virtual` (Attributes) Stackwise Virtual settings for the port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stackwise_virtual))

<a id="nestedatt--dot3az"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dot3az`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The Energy Efficient Ethernet status of the switch port.


<a id="nestedatt--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, override this port's configuration with a port profile.
- `id` (String) When enabled, the ID of the port profile used to override the port's configuration.
- `iname` (String) When enabled, the IName of the profile.


<a id="nestedatt--adaptive_policy_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `adaptive_policy_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the adaptive policy group.
- `name` (String) The name of the adaptive policy group.


<a id="nestedatt--mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mirror`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) The port mirror mode. Can be one of ('Destination port', 'Source port' or 'Not mirroring traffic').
                                        Allowed values: [Destination port,Not mirroring traffic,Source port]


<a id="nestedatt--module"></a>
### Nested Schema for `module`

Read-Only:

- `model` (String) The model of the expansion module.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the port schedule.
- `name` (String) The name of the port schedule.


<a id="nestedatt--stackwise_virtual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stackwise_virtual`

Read-Only:

- `is_dual_active_detector` (Boolean) For SVL devices, whether or not the port is used for Dual Active Detection.
- `is_stack_wise_virtual_link` (Boolean) For SVL devices, whether or not the port is used for StackWise Virtual Link.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices_switch_ports.example "serial,port_id"
```
