---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "devices"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_live_tools_cable (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable" "example" {

  callback = {

    http_server = {

      id = "aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20vd2ViaG9va3M="
    }
    payload_template = {

      id = "wpt_2100"
    }
    shared_secret = "secret"
    url           = "https://webhook.site/28efa24e-f830-4d9f-a12b-fbb9e5035031"
  }
  ports  = ["2", "8"]
  serial = "string"
}

output "meraki_devices_live_tools_cable_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_live_tools_cable.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `callback` (Attributes) Details for the callback. Please include either an httpServerId OR url and sharedSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback))
- `id` (String) id path parameter.
- `ports` (Set of String) A list of ports for which to perform the cable test.  For Catalyst switches, IOS interface names are also supported, such as "GigabitEthernet1/0/8", "Gi1/0/8", or even "1/0/8".

### Read-Only

- `cable_test_id` (String) Id of the cable test request. Used to check the status of the request.
- `error` (String) An error message for a failed execution
- `request` (Attributes) Cable test request parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request))
- `results` (Attributes Set) Results of the cable test request, one for each requested port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `status` (String) Status of the cable test request.
                                  Allowed values: [complete,failed,new,ready,running,scheduled]
- `url` (String) GET this url to check the status of your cable test request.

<a id="nestedatt--callback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback`

Optional:

- `http_server` (Attributes) The webhook receiver used for the callback webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--http_server))
- `payload_template` (Attributes) The payload template of the webhook used for the callback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--payload_template))
- `shared_secret` (String) A shared secret that will be included in the requests sent to the callback URL. It can be used to verify that the request was sent by Meraki. If using this field, please also specify an url.
- `url` (String) The callback URL for the webhook target. If using this field, please also specify a sharedSecret.

<a id="nestedatt--callback--http_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.http_server`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The webhook receiver ID that will receive information. If specifying this, please leave the url and sharedSecret fields blank.


<a id="nestedatt--callback--payload_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.payload_template`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the payload template. Defaults to 'wpt_00005' for the Callback (included) template.



<a id="nestedatt--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Read-Only:

- `ports` (Set of String) A list of ports for which to perform the cable test.
- `serial` (String) Device serial number


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) If an error occurred during the cable test, the error message will be populated here.
- `pairs` (Attributes Set) Results for each twisted pair within the cable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--pairs))
- `port` (String) The port for which the test was performed.
- `speed_mbps` (Number) Speed in Mbps.  A speed of 0 indicates the port is down or the port speed is automatic.
- `status` (String) The current status of the port. If the cable test is still being performed on the port, "in-progress" is used. If an error occurred during the cable test, "error" is used and the error property will be populated.
                                        Allowed values: [down,error,in-progress,up]

<a id="nestedatt--results--pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.pairs`

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number) The index of the twisted pair tested.
                                              Allowed values: [0,1,2,3]
- `length_meters` (Number) The detected length of the twisted pair.
- `status` (String) The test result of the twisted pair tested.
                                              Allowed values: [abnormal,couplex,fail,forced,in-progress,invalid,not-supported,ok,open,open or short,short,short or abnormal,short or couplex,unknown]

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices_live_tools_cable.example "serial,id"
```
