---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test" "example" {

  callback = {

    http_server = {

      id = "aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20vd2ViaG9va3M="
    }
    payload_template = {

      id = "wpt_2100"
    }
    shared_secret = "secret"
    url           = "https://webhook.site/28efa24e-f830-4d9f-a12b-fbb9e5035031"
  }
  serial = "string"
}

output "meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test_example" {
  value = meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) serial path parameter.

### Optional

- `callback` (Attributes) Details for the callback. Please include either an httpServerId OR url and sharedSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback))
- `throughput_test_id` (String) ID of throughput test job

### Read-Only

- `error` (String) Description of the error.
- `request` (Attributes) The parameters of the throughput test request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request))
- `result` (Attributes) Result of the throughput test request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))
- `status` (String) Status of the throughput test request
- `url` (String) GET this url to check the status of your throughput test request

<a id="nestedatt--callback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback`

Optional:

- `http_server` (Attributes) The webhook receiver used for the callback webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--http_server))
- `payload_template` (Attributes) The payload template of the webhook used for the callback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--callback--payload_template))
- `shared_secret` (String) A shared secret that will be included in the requests sent to the callback URL. It can be used to verify that the request was sent by Meraki. If using this field, please also specify an url.
- `url` (String) The callback URL for the webhook target. If using this field, please also specify a sharedSecret.

<a id="nestedatt--callback--http_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.http_server`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The webhook receiver ID that will receive information. If specifying this, please leave the url and sharedSecret fields blank.


<a id="nestedatt--callback--payload_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `callback.payload_template`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the payload template. Defaults to 'wpt_00005' for the Callback (included) template.



<a id="nestedatt--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Read-Only:

- `serial` (String) Device serial number


<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `speeds` (Attributes) Shows the speeds (Mbps) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--speeds))

<a id="nestedatt--result--speeds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.speeds`

Read-Only:

- `downstream` (Number) Shows the download speed from shard (Mbps)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_devices_live_tools_throughput_test.example "serial,throughput_test_id"
```
