---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "wireless"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings" "example" {

  allow_simultaneous_logins = false
  billing = {

    free_access = {

      duration_in_minutes = 120
      enabled             = true
    }
    prepaid_access_fast_login_enabled = true
    reply_to_email_address            = "user@email.com"
  }
  block_all_traffic_before_sign_on  = false
  controller_disconnection_behavior = "default"
  guest_sponsorship = {

    duration_in_minutes         = 30
    guest_can_request_timeframe = false
  }
  network_id   = "string"
  number       = "string"
  redirect_url = "https://example.com"
  self_registration = {

    authorization_type = "admin"
    enabled            = true
  }
  sentry_enrollment = {

    enforced_systems = ["iOS"]
    strength         = "focused"
    systems_manager_network = {

      id = "N_1234"
    }
  }
  splash_image = {

    extension = "jpg"
    image = {

      contents = "Q2lzY28gTWVyYWtp"
      format   = "jpg"
    }
    md5 = "542cccac8d7dedee0f185311d154d194"
  }
  splash_logo = {

    extension = "jpg"
    image = {

      contents = "Q2lzY28gTWVyYWtp"
      format   = "jpg"
    }
    md5 = "abcd1234"
  }
  splash_prepaid_front = {

    extension = "jpg"
    image = {

      contents = "Q2lzY28gTWVyYWtp"
      format   = "jpg"
    }
    md5 = "542cccac8d7dedee0f185311d154d194"
  }
  splash_timeout   = 1440
  splash_url       = "https://www.custom_splash_url.com"
  theme_id         = "c3ddcb4f16785ee747ab5ffc10867d6c8ea704be"
  use_redirect_url = true
  use_splash_url   = true
  welcome_message  = "Welcome!"
}

output "meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `number` (String) number path parameter.

### Optional

- `allow_simultaneous_logins` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow simultaneous logins from different devices.
- `billing` (Attributes) Details associated with billing splash (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing))
- `block_all_traffic_before_sign_on` (Boolean) How restricted allowing traffic should be. If true, all traffic types are blocked until the splash page is acknowledged. If false, all non-HTTP traffic is allowed before the splash page is acknowledged.
- `controller_disconnection_behavior` (String) How login attempts should be handled when the controller is unreachable.
                                  Allowed values: [default,open,restricted]
- `guest_sponsorship` (Attributes) Details associated with guest sponsored splash (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guest_sponsorship))
- `redirect_url` (String) The custom redirect URL where the users will go after the splash page.
- `self_registration` (Attributes) Self-registration for splash with Meraki authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_registration))
- `sentry_enrollment` (Attributes) Systems Manager sentry enrollment splash settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sentry_enrollment))
- `splash_image` (Attributes) The image used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_image))
- `splash_logo` (Attributes) The logo used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_logo))
- `splash_prepaid_front` (Attributes) The prepaid front image used in the splash page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_prepaid_front))
- `splash_timeout` (Number) Splash timeout in minutes.
                                  Allowed values: [30,60,120,240,480,720,1080,1440,2880,5760,7200,10080,20160,43200,86400,129600]
- `splash_url` (String) The custom splash URL of the click-through splash page.
- `theme_id` (String) The id of the selected splash theme.
- `use_redirect_url` (Boolean) The Boolean indicating whether the the user will be redirected to the custom redirect URL after the splash page.
- `use_splash_url` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether the users will be redirected to the custom splash url
- `welcome_message` (String) The welcome message for the users on the splash page.

### Read-Only

- `splash_page` (String) The type of splash page for this SSID
- `ssid_number` (Number) SSID number

<a id="nestedatt--billing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing`

Optional:

- `free_access` (Attributes) Details associated with a free access plan with limits (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing--free_access))
- `prepaid_access_fast_login_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not billing uses the fast login prepaid access option.
- `reply_to_email_address` (String) The email address that reeceives replies from clients

<a id="nestedatt--billing--free_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing.free_access`

Optional:

- `duration_in_minutes` (Number) How long a device can use a network for free.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not free access is enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--guest_sponsorship"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guest_sponsorship`

Optional:

- `duration_in_minutes` (Number) Duration in minutes of sponsored guest authorization.
- `guest_can_request_timeframe` (Boolean) Whether or not guests can specify how much time they are requesting.


<a id="nestedatt--self_registration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_registration`

Optional:

- `authorization_type` (String) How created user accounts should be authorized.
                                        Allowed values: [admin,auto,self_email]
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow users to create their own account on the network.


<a id="nestedatt--sentry_enrollment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sentry_enrollment`

Optional:

- `enforced_systems` (Set of String) The system types that the Sentry enforces.
- `strength` (String) The strength of the enforcement of selected system types.
                                        Allowed values: [click-through,focused,strict]
- `systems_manager_network` (Attributes) Systems Manager network targeted for sentry enrollment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sentry_enrollment--systems_manager_network))

<a id="nestedatt--sentry_enrollment--systems_manager_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sentry_enrollment.systems_manager_network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The network ID of the Systems Manager network.



<a id="nestedatt--splash_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_image`

Optional:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the image file.
- `image` (Attributes) Properties for setting a new image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_image--image))
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the image file.

<a id="nestedatt--splash_image--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_image.image`

Optional:

- `contents` (String) The file contents (a base 64 encoded string) of your new image.
- `format` (String) The format of the encoded contents. Supported formats are 'png', 'gif', and jpg'.
                                              Allowed values: [gif,jpg,png]



<a id="nestedatt--splash_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_logo`

Optional:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the logo file.
- `image` (Attributes) Properties for setting a new image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_logo--image))
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the logo file.

<a id="nestedatt--splash_logo--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_logo.image`

Optional:

- `contents` (String) The file contents (a base 64 encoded string) of your new logo.
- `format` (String) The format of the encoded contents. Supported formats are 'png', 'gif', and jpg'.
                                              Allowed values: [gif,jpg,png]



<a id="nestedatt--splash_prepaid_front"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_prepaid_front`

Optional:

- `extension` (String) The extension of the prepaid front image file.
- `image` (Attributes) Properties for setting a new image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--splash_prepaid_front--image))
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the prepaid front image file.

<a id="nestedatt--splash_prepaid_front--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splash_prepaid_front.image`

Optional:

- `contents` (String) The file contents (a base 64 encoded string) of your new prepaid front.
- `format` (String) The format of the encoded contents. Supported formats are 'png', 'gif', and jpg'.
                                              Allowed values: [gif,jpg,png]

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_wireless_ssids_splash_settings.example "network_id,number"
```
