---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces" "example" {

  default_gateway = "192.168.1.1"
  interface_ip    = "192.168.1.2"
  ipv6 = {

    address         = "1:2:3:4::1"
    assignment_mode = "static"
    gateway         = "1:2:3:4::2"
    prefix          = "1:2:3:4::/48"
  }
  multicast_routing = "disabled"
  name              = "L3 interface"
  network_id        = "string"
  ospf_settings = {

    area               = "0"
    cost               = 1
    is_passive_enabled = true
  }
  subnet          = "192.168.1.0/24"
  switch_stack_id = "string"
  vlan_id         = 100
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `switch_stack_id` (String) switchStackId path parameter. Switch stack ID

### Optional

- `default_gateway` (String) The next hop for any traffic that isn't going to a directly connected subnet or over a static route. This IP address must exist in a subnet with a routed interface.
- `interface_id` (String) interfaceId path parameter. Interface ID
- `interface_ip` (String) The IP address this switch stack will use for layer 3 routing on this VLAN or subnet. This cannot be the same as the switch's management IP.
- `ipv6` (Attributes) The IPv6 settings of the interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6))
- `multicast_routing` (String) Enable multicast support if, multicast routing between VLANs is required. Options are, 'disabled', 'enabled' or 'IGMP snooping querier'. Default is 'disabled'.
- `name` (String) A friendly name or description for the interface or VLAN.
- `ospf_settings` (Attributes) The OSPF routing settings of the interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ospf_settings))
- `subnet` (String) The network that this routed interface is on, in CIDR notation (ex. 10.1.1.0/24).
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN this routed interface is on. VLAN must be between 1 and 4094.

### Read-Only

- `ospf_v3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ospf_v3))

<a id="nestedatt--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface. Required if assignmentMode is 'static'. Must not be included if assignmentMode is 'eui-64'.
- `assignment_mode` (String) The IPv6 assignment mode for the interface. Can be either 'eui-64' or 'static'.
- `gateway` (String) The IPv6 default gateway of the interface. Required if prefix is defined and this is the first interface with IPv6 configured for the stack.
- `prefix` (String) The IPv6 prefix of the interface. Required if IPv6 object is included.


<a id="nestedatt--ospf_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ospf_settings`

Optional:

- `area` (String) The OSPF area to which this interface should belong. Can be either 'disabled' or the identifier of an existing OSPF area. Defaults to 'disabled'.
- `cost` (Number) The path cost for this interface. Defaults to 1, but can be increased up to 65535 to give lower priority.
- `is_passive_enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, OSPF will not run on the interface, but the subnet will still be advertised.


<a id="nestedatt--ospf_v3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ospf_v3`

Read-Only:

- `area` (String)
- `cost` (Number)
- `is_passive_enabled` (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_switch_stacks_routing_interfaces.example "interface_id,network_id,switch_stack_id"
```
