---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "switch"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf" "example" {

  areas = [{

    area_id   = "1284392014819"
    area_name = "Backbone"
    area_type = "normal"
  }]
  dead_timer_in_seconds      = 40
  enabled                    = true
  hello_timer_in_seconds     = 10
  md5_authentication_enabled = true
  md5_authentication_key = {

    id         = 1234
    passphrase = "abc1234"
  }
  network_id = "string"
  v3 = {

    areas = [{

      area_id   = "1284392014819"
      area_name = "V3 Backbone"
      area_type = "normal"
    }]
    dead_timer_in_seconds  = 40
    enabled                = true
    hello_timer_in_seconds = 10
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `areas` (Attributes Set) OSPF areas (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--areas))
- `dead_timer_in_seconds` (Number) Time interval to determine when the peer will be declared inactive/dead. Value must be between 1 and 65535
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable OSPF routing. OSPF routing is disabled by default.
- `hello_timer_in_seconds` (Number) Time interval in seconds at which hello packet will be sent to OSPF neighbors to maintain connectivity. Value must be between 1 and 255. Default is 10 seconds.
- `md5_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable MD5 authentication. MD5 authentication is disabled by default.
- `md5_authentication_key` (Attributes) MD5 authentication credentials. This param is only relevant if md5AuthenticationEnabled is true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--md5_authentication_key))
- `v3` (Attributes) OSPF v3 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--v3))

<a id="nestedatt--areas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `areas`

Optional:

- `area_id` (Number) OSPF area ID
- `area_name` (String) Name of the OSPF area
- `area_type` (String) Area types in OSPF. Must be one of: ["normal", "stub", "nssa"]
                                        Allowed values: [normal,nssa,stub]


<a id="nestedatt--md5_authentication_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `md5_authentication_key`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) MD5 authentication key index. Key index must be between 1 to 255
- `passphrase` (String) MD5 authentication passphrase


<a id="nestedatt--v3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `v3`

Optional:

- `areas` (Attributes Set) OSPF v3 areas (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--v3--areas))
- `dead_timer_in_seconds` (Number) Time interval to determine when the peer will be declared inactive/dead. Value must be between 1 and 65535
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable V3 OSPF routing. OSPF V3 routing is disabled by default.
- `hello_timer_in_seconds` (Number) Time interval in seconds at which hello packet will be sent to OSPF neighbors to maintain connectivity. Value must be between 1 and 255. Default is 10 seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--v3--areas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `v3.areas`

Optional:

- `area_id` (Number) OSPF area ID
- `area_name` (String) Name of the OSPF area
- `area_type` (String) Area types in OSPF. Must be one of: ["normal", "stub", "nssa"]
                                              Allowed values: [normal,nssa,stub]

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_switch_routing_ospf.example "network_id"
```
