---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices_fields Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "sm"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices_fields (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_sm_devices_fields" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    device_fields = {

      name  = "Miles's phone"
      notes = "Here's some info about my device"
    }
    id       = "1284392014819"
    serial   = "XY0XX0Y0X0"
    wifi_mac = "00:11:22:33:44:55"
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_fields_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_sm_devices_fields.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `device_fields` (Attributes) The new fields of the device. Each field of this object is optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--device_fields))
- `id` (String) The id of the device to be modified.
- `serial` (String) The serial of the device to be modified.
- `wifi_mac` (String) The wifiMac of the device to be modified.

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--device_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.device_fields`

Optional:

- `name` (String) New name for the device
- `notes` (String) New notes for the device


<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmUpdateNetworkSmDevicesFields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items.items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The Meraki Id of the device record.
- `name` (String) The name of the device.
- `notes` (String) Notes associated with the device.
- `serial` (String) The device serial.
- `wifi_mac` (String) The MAC of the device.
