---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles" "example" {

  conditions = [{

    direction = "above"
    duration  = 60
    metric    = "temperature"
    threshold = {

      door = {

        open = true
      }
      humidity = {

        quality             = "inadequate"
        relative_percentage = 65
      }
      indoor_air_quality = {

        quality = "fair"
        score   = 80
      }
      noise = {

        ambient = {

          level   = 120
          quality = "poor"
        }
      }
      pm25 = {

        concentration = 90
        quality       = "fair"
      }
      temperature = {

        celsius    = 20.5
        fahrenheit = 70
        quality    = "good"
      }
      tvoc = {

        concentration = 400
        quality       = "poor"
      }
      water = {

        present = true
      }
    }
  }]
  name       = "My Sensor Alert Profile"
  network_id = "string"
  recipients = {

    emails          = ["miles@meraki.com"]
    http_server_ids = ["aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20vd2ViaG9va3M="]
    sms_numbers     = ["+15555555555"]
  }
  schedule = {

    id = "5"
  }
  serials = ["Q234-ABCD-0001", "Q234-ABCD-0002", "Q234-ABCD-0003"]
}

output "meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `conditions` (Attributes Set) List of conditions that will cause the profile to send an alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `id` (String) id path parameter.
- `name` (String) Name of the sensor alert profile.
- `recipients` (Attributes) List of recipients that will recieve the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recipients))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The sensor schedule to use with the alert profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `serials` (List of String) List of device serials assigned to this sensor alert profile.

### Read-Only

- `profile_id` (String) ID of the sensor alert profile.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) If 'above', an alert will be sent when a sensor reads above the threshold. If 'below', an alert will be sent when a sensor reads below the threshold. Only applicable for temperature and humidity thresholds.
- `duration` (Number) Length of time in seconds that the triggering state must persist before an alert is sent. Available options are 0 seconds, 1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes, 4 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, and 1 hour. Default is 0.
- `metric` (String) The type of sensor metric that will be monitored for changes. Available metrics are door, humidity, indoorAirQuality, noise, pm25, temperature, tvoc, and water.
- `threshold` (Attributes) Threshold for sensor readings that will cause an alert to be sent. This object should contain a single property key matching the condition's 'metric' value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold`

Optional:

- `door` (Attributes) Door open threshold. 'open' must be provided and set to true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--door))
- `humidity` (Attributes) Humidity threshold. One of 'relativePercentage' or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--humidity))
- `indoor_air_quality` (Attributes) Indoor air quality score threshold. One of 'score' or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--indoor_air_quality))
- `noise` (Attributes) Noise threshold. 'ambient' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--noise))
- `pm25` (Attributes) PM2.5 concentration threshold. One of 'concentration' or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--pm25))
- `temperature` (Attributes) Temperature threshold. One of 'celsius', 'fahrenheit', or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--temperature))
- `tvoc` (Attributes) TVOC concentration threshold. One of 'concentration' or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--tvoc))
- `water` (Attributes) Water detection threshold. 'present' must be provided and set to true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--water))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--door"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.door`

Optional:

- `open` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a door open event. Must be set to true.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--humidity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.humidity`

Optional:

- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative humidity level.
- `relative_percentage` (Number) Alerting threshold in %RH.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--indoor_air_quality"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.indoor_air_quality`

Optional:

- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative indoor air quality level.
- `score` (Number) Alerting threshold as indoor air quality score.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--noise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.noise`

Optional:

- `ambient` (Attributes) Ambient noise threshold. One of 'level' or 'quality' must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold--noise--ambient))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--noise--ambient"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.noise.ambient`

Optional:

- `level` (Number) Alerting threshold as adjusted decibels.
- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative ambient noise level.



<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--pm25"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.pm25`

Optional:

- `concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as PM2.5 parts per million.
- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative PM2.5 level.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--temperature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.temperature`

Optional:

- `celsius` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Celsius.
- `fahrenheit` (Number) Alerting threshold in degrees Fahrenheit.
- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative temperature level.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--tvoc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.tvoc`

Optional:

- `concentration` (Number) Alerting threshold as TVOC micrograms per cubic meter.
- `quality` (String) Alerting threshold as a qualitative TVOC level.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold--water"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold.water`

Optional:

- `present` (Boolean) Alerting threshold for a water detection event. Must be set to true.




<a id="nestedatt--recipients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recipients`

Optional:

- `emails` (List of String) A list of emails that will receive information about the alert.
- `http_server_ids` (List of String) A list of webhook endpoint IDs that will receive information about the alert.
- `sms_numbers` (List of String) A list of SMS numbers that will receive information about the alert.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the sensor schedule to use with the alert profile. If not defined, the alert profile will be active at all times.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the sensor schedule to use with the alert profile.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_profiles.example "id,network_id"
```
