---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "sm"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    ids                             = ["1284392014819", "2983092129865"]
    kext_paths                      = ["test"]
    notify_user                     = true
    rebuild_kernel_cache            = true
    request_requires_network_tether = true
    scope                           = ["withAny", "tag1", "tag2"]
    serials                         = ["XY0XX0Y0X0", "A01B01CD00E", "X02YZ1ZYZX"]
    wifi_macs                       = ["00:11:22:33:44:55"]
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `ids` (Set of String) The ids of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `kext_paths` (Set of String) The KextPaths of the endpoints to be rebooted. Available for macOS 11+
- `notify_user` (Boolean) Whether or not to notify the user before rebooting the endpoint. Available for macOS 11.3+
- `rebuild_kernel_cache` (Boolean) Whether or not to rebuild the kernel cache when rebooting the endpoint. Available for macOS 11+
- `request_requires_network_tether` (Boolean) Whether or not the request requires network tethering. Available for macOS and supervised iOS or tvOS
- `scope` (Set of String) The scope (one of all, none, withAny, withAll, withoutAny, or withoutAll) and a set of tags of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `serials` (Set of String) The serials of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `wifi_macs` (Set of String) The wifiMacs of the endpoints to be rebooted.


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (Set of String) The Meraki Ids of the set of endpoints.
