---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules" "example" {

  default_rules_enabled = true
  network_id            = "string"
  rules = [{

    definitions = [{

      type  = "host"
      value = "google.com"
    }]
    dscp_tag_value = 1
    per_client_bandwidth_limits = {

      bandwidth_limits = {

        limit_down = 1000000
        limit_up   = 1000000
      }
      settings = "custom"
    }
    priority = "normal"
  }]
}

output "meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `default_rules_enabled` (Boolean) Whether default traffic shaping rules are enabled (true) or disabled (false). There are 4 default rules, which can be seen on your network's traffic shaping page. Note that default rules count against the rule limit of 8.
- `rules` (Attributes Set) An array of traffic shaping rules. Rules are applied in the order that
    they are specified in. An empty list (or null) means no rules. Note that
    you are allowed a maximum of 8 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `definitions` (Attributes Set) A list of objects describing the definitions of your traffic shaping rule. At least one definition is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--definitions))
- `dscp_tag_value` (Number) The DSCP tag applied by your rule. null means 'Do not change DSCP tag'.
    For a list of possible tag values, use the trafficShaping/dscpTaggingOptions endpoint.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limits` (Attributes) An object describing the bandwidth settings for your rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--per_client_bandwidth_limits))
- `priority` (String) A string, indicating the priority level for packets bound to your rule.
    Can be 'low', 'normal' or 'high'.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.definitions`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of definition. Can be one of 'application', 'applicationCategory', 'host', 'port', 'ipRange' or 'localNet'.
- `value` (String) If "type" is 'host', 'port', 'ipRange' or 'localNet', then "value" must be a string, matching either
    a hostname (e.g. "somesite.com"), a port (e.g. 8080), or an IP range ("192.1.0.0",
    "192.1.0.0/16", or "10.1.0.0/16:80"). 'localNet' also supports CIDR notation, excluding
    custom ports.
- `value_list` (Set of String) The 'value_list' of what you want to block. Send a list in request
- `value_obj` (Attributes) The 'value_obj' of what you want to block. Send a dict in request.  If "type" is 'application' or 'applicationCategory', then "value" must be an object
    with the structure { "id": "meraki:layer7/..." }, where "id" is the application category or
    application ID (for a list of IDs for your network, use the trafficShaping/applicationCategories
    endpoint). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--definitions--value_obj))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--definitions--value_obj"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.definitions.value_obj`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--rules--per_client_bandwidth_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.per_client_bandwidth_limits`

Optional:

- `bandwidth_limits` (Attributes) The bandwidth limits object, specifying the upload ('limitUp') and download ('limitDown') speed in Kbps. These are only enforced if 'settings' is set to 'custom'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--per_client_bandwidth_limits--bandwidth_limits))
- `settings` (String) How bandwidth limits are applied by your rule. Can be one of 'network default', 'ignore' or 'custom'.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--per_client_bandwidth_limits--bandwidth_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.per_client_bandwidth_limits.bandwidth_limits`

Optional:

- `limit_down` (Number) The maximum download limit (integer, in Kbps).
- `limit_up` (Number) The maximum upload limit (integer, in Kbps).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_appliance_traffic_shaping_rules.example "network_id"
```
