---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_sm_devices_modify_tags Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_sm_devices_modify_tags (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_sm_devices_modify_tags" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    ids           = ["1284392014819", "2983092129865"]
    scope         = ["withAny, old_tag"]
    serials       = ["XY0XX0Y0X0", "A01B01CD00E", "X02YZ1ZYZX"]
    tags          = ["tag1", "tag2"]
    update_action = "add"
    wifi_macs     = ["00:11:22:33:44:55"]
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_sm_devices_modify_tags_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_sm_devices_modify_tags.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Array of ResponseSmModifyNetworkSmDevicesTags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `ids` (Set of String) The ids of the devices to be modified.
- `scope` (Set of String) The scope (one of all, none, withAny, withAll, withoutAny, or withoutAll) and a set of tags of the devices to be modified.
- `serials` (Set of String) The serials of the devices to be modified.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags to be added, deleted, or updated.
- `update_action` (String) One of add, delete, or update. Only devices that have been modified will be returned.
- `wifi_macs` (Set of String) The wifiMacs of the devices to be modified.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The Meraki Id of the device record.
- `serial` (String) The device serial.
- `tags` (Set of String) An array of tags associated with the device.
- `wifi_mac` (String) The MAC of the device.
