---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_bind Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "networks"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_bind (Resource)





~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_bind" "example" {

  network_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    auto_bind          = false
    config_template_id = "N_23952905"
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_bind_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_bind.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `auto_bind` (Boolean) Optional boolean indicating whether the network's switches should automatically bind to profiles of the same model. Defaults to false if left unspecified. This option only affects switch networks and switch templates. Auto-bind is not valid unless the switch template has at least one profile and has at most one profile per switch model.
- `config_template_id` (String) The ID of the template to which the network should be bound.


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `config_template_id` (String) ID of the config template the network is being bound to
- `enrollment_string` (String) Enrollment string for the network
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `is_bound_to_config_template` (Boolean) If the network is bound to a config template
- `name` (String) Network name
- `notes` (String) Notes for the network
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID
- `product_types` (List of String) List of the product types that the network supports
- `tags` (List of String) Network tags
- `time_zone` (String) Timezone of the network
- `url` (String) URL to the network Dashboard UI
