---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_networks_settings Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_networks_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_networks_settings" "example" {

  local_status_page = {

    authentication = {

      enabled  = false
      password = "miles123"
    }
  }
  local_status_page_enabled  = true
  network_id                 = "string"
  remote_status_page_enabled = true
  secure_port = {

    enabled = false
  }
}

output "meraki_networks_settings_example" {
  value = meraki_networks_settings.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) networkId path parameter. Network ID

### Optional

- `local_status_page` (Attributes) A hash of Local Status page(s)' authentication options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_status_page))
- `local_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables the local device status pages (<a target='_blank' href='http://my.meraki.com/'>my.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://ap.meraki.com/'>ap.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://switch.meraki.com/'>switch.meraki.com, </a><a target='_blank' href='http://wired.meraki.com/'>wired.meraki.com</a>). Optional (defaults to false)
- `remote_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables access to the device status page (<a target='_blank'>http://[device's LAN IP])</a>. Optional. Can only be set if localStatusPageEnabled is set to true
- `secure_port` (Attributes) A hash of SecureConnect options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_port))

### Read-Only

- `client_privacy` (Attributes) Privacy settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_privacy))
- `fips` (Attributes) A hash of FIPS options applied to the Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fips))
- `named_vlans` (Attributes) A hash of Named VLANs options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--named_vlans))

<a id="nestedatt--local_status_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_status_page`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) A hash of Local Status page(s)' authentication options applied to the Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_status_page--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--local_status_page--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_status_page.authentication`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables the authentication on Local Status page(s).
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used for Local Status Page(s). Set this to null to clear the password.

Read-Only:

- `username` (String) The username used for Local Status Page(s).



<a id="nestedatt--secure_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_port`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables SecureConnect on the network. Optional.


<a id="nestedatt--client_privacy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_privacy`

Read-Only:

- `expire_data_before` (String) The date to expire the data before
- `expire_data_older_than` (Number) The number of days, weeks, or months in Epoch time to expire the data before


<a id="nestedatt--fips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fips`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables FIPS on the network.


<a id="nestedatt--named_vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `named_vlans`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables / disables Named VLANs on the Network.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_networks_settings.example "network_id"
```
