---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_claim Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_claim (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_claim" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    licenses = [{

      key  = "Z2XXXXXXXXXX"
      mode = "addDevices"
    }]
    orders  = ["4CXXXXXXX"]
    serials = ["Q234-ABCD-5678"]
  }
}

output "meraki_organizations_claim_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_claim.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `licenses` (Attributes Set) The licenses that should be claimed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--licenses))
- `orders` (Set of String) The numbers of the orders that should be claimed
- `serials` (Set of String) The serials of the devices that should be claimed

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.licenses`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the license
- `mode` (String) Either 'renew' or 'addDevices'. 'addDevices' will increase the license limit, while 'renew' will extend the amount of time until expiration. Defaults to 'addDevices'. All licenses must be claimed with the same mode, and at most one renewal can be claimed at a time. This parameter is legacy and does not apply to organizations with per-device licensing enabled.
                                              Allowed values: [addDevices,renew]



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `licenses` (Attributes Set) The licenses claimed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--licenses))
- `orders` (Set of String) The numbers of the orders claimed
- `serials` (Set of String) The serials of the devices claimed

<a id="nestedatt--item--licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.licenses`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the license
- `mode` (String) The mode of the license
