---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_networks_combine Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_networks_combine (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_networks_combine" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    enrollment_string = "my-enrollment-string"
    name              = "Long Island Office"
    network_ids       = ["N_1234", "N_5678"]
  }
}

output "meraki_organizations_networks_combine_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_networks_combine.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `enrollment_string` (String) A unique identifier which can be used for device enrollment or easy access through the Meraki SM Registration page or the Self Service Portal. Please note that changing this field may cause existing bookmarks to break. All networks that are part of this combined network will have their enrollment string appended by '-network_type'. If left empty, all exisitng enrollment strings will be deleted.
- `name` (String) The name of the combined network
- `network_ids` (List of String) A list of the network IDs that will be combined. If an ID of a combined network is included in this list, the other networks in the list will be grouped into that network


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `resulting_network` (Attributes) Network after the combination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--resulting_network))

<a id="nestedatt--item--resulting_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.resulting_network`

Read-Only:

- `enrollment_string` (String) Enrollment string for the network
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `is_bound_to_config_template` (Boolean) If the network is bound to a config template
- `name` (String) Network name
- `notes` (String) Notes for the network
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID
- `product_types` (Set of String) List of the product types that the network supports
- `tags` (Set of String) Network tags
- `time_zone` (String) Timezone of the network
- `url` (String) URL to the network Dashboard UI
