---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles" "example" {

  alert_condition = {

    bit_rate_bps = 10000
    duration     = 60
    interface    = "wan1"
    jitter_ms    = 100
    latency_ms   = 100
    loss_ratio   = 0.1
    mos          = 3.5
    window       = 600
  }
  description     = "WAN 1 high utilization"
  network_tags    = ["tag1", "tag2"]
  organization_id = "string"
  recipients = {

    emails          = ["admin@example.org"]
    http_server_ids = ["aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20vcGF0aA=="]
  }
  type = "wanUtilization"
}

output "meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `alert_condition` (Attributes) The conditions that determine if the alert triggers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_condition))
- `alert_config_id` (String) alertConfigId path parameter. Alert config ID
- `description` (String) User supplied description of the alert
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the alert config enabled
- `network_tags` (Set of String) Networks with these tags will be monitored for the alert
- `recipients` (Attributes) List of recipients that will recieve the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recipients))
- `type` (String) The alert type
                                  Allowed values: [appOutage,voipJitter,voipMos,voipPacketLoss,wanLatency,wanPacketLoss,wanStatus,wanUtilization]

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The alert config ID

<a id="nestedatt--alert_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_condition`

Optional:

- `bit_rate_bps` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for WAN Utilization alerts.
- `duration` (Number) The total duration in seconds that the threshold should be crossed before alerting
- `interface` (String) The uplink observed for the alert
                                        Allowed values: [cellular,wan1,wan2,wan3]
- `jitter_ms` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for VoIP Jitter alerts.
- `latency_ms` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for WAN Latency alerts.
- `loss_ratio` (Number) The threshold the metric must cross to be valid for alerting. Used only for Packet Loss alerts.
- `mos` (Number) The threshold the metric must drop below to be valid for alerting. Used only for VoIP MOS alerts.
- `window` (Number) The look back period in seconds for sensing the alert


<a id="nestedatt--recipients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recipients`

Optional:

- `emails` (Set of String) A list of emails that will receive information about the alert
- `http_server_ids` (Set of String) A list base64 encoded urls of webhook endpoints that will receive information about the alert

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_organizations_alerts_profiles.example "organization_id"
```
