---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_licenses Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: "organizations"
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_licenses (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_licenses" "example" {

  device_serial   = "Q234-ABCD-5678"
  license_id      = "string"
  organization_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_licenses_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_licenses.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `license_id` (String) licenseId path parameter. License ID
- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `device_serial` (String) Serial number of the device the license is assigned to

### Read-Only

- `activation_date` (String) The date the license started burning
- `claim_date` (String) The date the license was claimed into the organization
- `duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the individual license
- `expiration_date` (String) The date the license will expire
- `head_license_id` (String) The id of the head license this license is queued behind. If there is no head license, it returns nil.
- `id` (String) License ID
- `license_key` (String) License key
- `license_type` (String) License type
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network the license is assigned to
- `order_number` (String) Order number
- `permanently_queued_licenses` (Attributes Set) DEPRECATED List of permanently queued licenses attached to the license. Instead, use /organizations/{organizationId}/licenses?deviceSerial= to retrieved queued licenses for a given device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permanently_queued_licenses))
- `seat_count` (Number) The number of seats of the license. Only applicable to SM licenses.
- `state` (String) The state of the license. All queued licenses have a status of **recentlyQueued**.
                                  Allowed values: [active,expired,expiring,recentlyQueued,unused,unusedActive]
- `total_duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the license plus all permanently queued licenses associated with it

<a id="nestedatt--permanently_queued_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permanently_queued_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the individual license
- `id` (String) Permanently queued license ID
- `license_key` (String) License key
- `license_type` (String) License type
- `order_number` (String) Order number

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_organizations_licenses.example "license_id,organization_id"
```
