---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments (Resource)

~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    items = [{

      network_id = "N_24329156"
      policies = [{

        group_policy_id = "1284392014819"
        policy_id       = "1284392014819"
        scope           = "withAny"
        sm_network_id   = "N_24329156"
        tags            = ["tag1", "tag2"]
      }]
    }]
  }
}

output "meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_sm_sentry_policies_assignments.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) Sentry Group Policies for the Organization keyed by Network Id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items`

Optional:

- `network_id` (String) The Id of the Network
- `policies` (Attributes Set) Array of Sentry Group Policies for the Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items.policies`

Optional:

- `group_policy_id` (String) The Group Policy Id
- `policy_id` (String) The Sentry Policy Id, if updating an existing Sentry Policy
- `scope` (String) The scope of the Sentry Policy
- `sm_network_id` (String) The Id of the Systems Manager Network
- `tags` (List of String) The tags for the Sentry Policy




<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) Sentry Group Policies for the Organization keyed by Network Id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) The Id of the Network
- `policies` (Attributes Set) Array of Sentry Group Policies for the Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--items--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--item--items--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.items.policies`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the Sentry Policy
- `group_number` (String) The number of the Group Policy
- `group_policy_id` (String) The Id of the Group Policy. This is associated with the network specified by the networkId.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The last update time of the Sentry Policy
- `network_id` (String) The Id of the Network the Sentry Policy is associated with. In a locale, this should be the Wireless Group if present, otherwise the Wired Group.
- `policy_id` (String) The Id of the Sentry Policy
- `priority` (String) The priority of the Sentry Policy
- `scope` (String) The scope of the Sentry Policy
- `sm_network_id` (String) The Id of the Systems Manager Network the Sentry Policy is assigned to
- `tags` (List of String) The tags of the Sentry Policy
