---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_branding_policies Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_branding_policies (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_branding_policies" "example" {

  admin_settings = {

    applies_to = "All admins of networks..."
    values     = ["N_1234", "L_5678"]
  }
  custom_logo = {

    enabled = true
    image = {

      contents = "Hyperg26C8F4h8CvcoUqpA=="
      format   = "jpg"
    }
  }
  enabled = true
  help_settings = {

    api_docs_subtab                        = "default or inherit"
    cases_subtab                           = "hide"
    cisco_meraki_product_documentation     = "show"
    community_subtab                       = "show"
    data_protection_requests_subtab        = "default or inherit"
    firewall_info_subtab                   = "hide"
    get_help_subtab                        = "default or inherit"
    get_help_subtab_knowledge_base_search  = "<h1>Some custom HTML content</h1>"
    hardware_replacements_subtab           = "hide"
    help_tab                               = "show"
    help_widget                            = "hide"
    new_features_subtab                    = "show"
    sm_forums                              = "hide"
    support_contact_info                   = "show"
    universal_search_knowledge_base_search = "hide"
  }
  name            = "My Branding Policy"
  organization_id = "string"
}

output "meraki_organizations_branding_policies_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_branding_policies.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID

### Optional

- `admin_settings` (Attributes) Settings for describing which kinds of admins this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_settings))
- `branding_policy_id` (String) brandingPolicyId path parameter. Branding policy ID
- `custom_logo` (Attributes) Properties describing the custom logo attached to the branding policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_logo))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether this policy is enabled.
- `help_settings` (Attributes) Settings for describing the modifications to various Help page features. Each property in this object accepts one of
      'default or inherit' (do not modify functionality), 'hide' (remove the section from Dashboard), or 'show' (always show
      the section on Dashboard). Some properties in this object also accept custom HTML used to replace the section on
      Dashboard; see the documentation for each property to see the allowed values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--help_settings))
- `name` (String) Name of the Dashboard branding policy.

<a id="nestedatt--admin_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_settings`

Optional:

- `applies_to` (String) Which kinds of admins this policy applies to. Can be one of 'All organization admins', 'All enterprise admins', 'All network admins', 'All admins of networks...', 'All admins of networks tagged...', 'Specific admins...', 'All admins' or 'All SAML admins'.
- `values` (List of String) If 'appliesTo' is set to one of 'Specific admins...', 'All admins of networks...' or 'All admins of networks tagged...', then you must specify this 'values' property to provide the set of
      entities to apply the branding policy to. For 'Specific admins...', specify an array of admin IDs. For 'All admins of
      networks...', specify an array of network IDs and/or configuration template IDs. For 'All admins of networks tagged...',
      specify an array of tag names.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_logo`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not there is a custom logo enabled.
- `image` (Attributes) Properties of the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_logo--image))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_logo--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_logo.image`

Optional:

- `contents` (String) The file contents (a base 64 encoded string) of your new logo.
- `format` (String) The format of the encoded contents.  Supported formats are 'png', 'gif', and jpg'.

Read-Only:

- `preview` (Attributes) Preview of the image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_logo--image--preview))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_logo--image--preview"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_logo.image.preview`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String) Timestamp of the preview image
- `url` (String) Url of the preview image




<a id="nestedatt--help_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `help_settings`

Optional:

- `api_docs_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> API docs' subtab where a detailed description of the Dashboard API is listed. Can be one of
      'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `cases_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Cases' Dashboard subtab on which Cisco Meraki support cases for this organization can be managed. Can be one
      of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `cisco_meraki_product_documentation` (String) The 'Product Manuals' section of the 'Help -> Get Help' subtab. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide', 'show', or a replacement custom HTML string.
- `community_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Community' subtab which provides a link to Meraki Community. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `data_protection_requests_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Data protection requests' Dashboard subtab on which requests to delete, restrict, or export end-user data can
      be audited. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `firewall_info_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Firewall info' subtab where necessary upstream firewall rules for communication to the Cisco Meraki cloud are
      listed. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `get_help_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Get Help' subtab on which Cisco Meraki KB, Product Manuals, and Support/Case Information are displayed. Note
      that if this subtab is hidden, branding customizations for the KB on 'Get help', Cisco Meraki product documentation,
      and support contact info will not be visible. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `get_help_subtab_knowledge_base_search` (String) The KB search box which appears on the Help page. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide', 'show', or a replacement custom HTML string.
- `hardware_replacements_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> Replacement info' subtab where important information regarding device replacements is detailed. Can be one of
      'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `help_tab` (String) The Help tab, under which all support information resides. If this tab is hidden, no other 'Help' branding
      customizations will be visible. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `help_widget` (String) The 'Help Widget' is a support widget which provides access to live chat, documentation links, Sales contact info,
      and other contact avenues to reach Meraki Support. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `new_features_subtab` (String) The 'Help -> New features' subtab where new Dashboard features are detailed. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `sm_forums` (String) The 'SM Forums' subtab which links to community-based support for Cisco Meraki Systems Manager. Only configurable for
      organizations that contain Systems Manager networks. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.
- `support_contact_info` (String) The 'Contact Meraki Support' section of the 'Help -> Get Help' subtab. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide', 'show', or a replacement custom HTML string.
- `universal_search_knowledge_base_search` (String) The universal search box always visible on Dashboard will, by default, present results from the Meraki KB. This configures
      whether these Meraki KB results should be returned. Can be one of 'default or inherit', 'hide' or 'show'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import meraki_organizations_branding_policies.example "branding_policy_id,organization_id"
```
