---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_licenses_renew_seats Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# meraki_organizations_licenses_renew_seats (Resource)



~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Meraki Dashboard, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Meraki Dashboard workflow. It is executed in Meraki without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action 
already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "meraki_organizations_licenses_renew_seats" "example" {

  organization_id = "string"
  parameters = {

    license_id_to_renew = "123"
    unused_license_id   = "1234"
  }
}

output "meraki_organizations_licenses_renew_seats_example" {
  value = meraki_organizations_licenses_renew_seats.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) organizationId path parameter. Organization ID
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `license_id_to_renew` (String) The ID of the SM license to renew. This license must already be assigned to an SM network
- `unused_license_id` (String) The SM license to use to renew the seats on 'licenseIdToRenew'. This license must have at least as many seats available as there are seats on 'licenseIdToRenew'


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `resulting_licenses` (Attributes Set) Resulting licenses from the move (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--resulting_licenses))

<a id="nestedatt--item--resulting_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.resulting_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `activation_date` (String) The date the license started burning
- `claim_date` (String) The date the license was claimed into the organization
- `device_serial` (String) Serial number of the device the license is assigned to
- `duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the individual license
- `expiration_date` (String) The date the license will expire
- `head_license_id` (String) The id of the head license this license is queued behind. If there is no head license, it returns nil.
- `id` (String) License ID
- `license_key` (String) License key
- `license_type` (String) License type
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network the license is assigned to
- `order_number` (String) Order number
- `permanently_queued_licenses` (Attributes Set) DEPRECATED List of permanently queued licenses attached to the license. Instead, use /organizations/{organizationId}/licenses?deviceSerial= to retrieved queued licenses for a given device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item--resulting_licenses--permanently_queued_licenses))
- `seat_count` (Number) The number of seats of the license. Only applicable to SM licenses.
- `state` (String) The state of the license. All queued licenses have a status of *recentlyQueued*.
- `total_duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the license plus all permanently queued licenses associated with it

<a id="nestedatt--item--resulting_licenses--permanently_queued_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.resulting_licenses.permanently_queued_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `duration_in_days` (Number) The duration of the individual license
- `id` (String) Permanently queued license ID
- `license_key` (String) License key
- `license_type` (String) License type
- `order_number` (String) Order number
